task_id,description,num_successful_builds,total_num_builds
007bbfb7.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 grid with only one color The output grid size...should be three times larger.9x9 To make the output, you have to...or the output repeat 3x3 in the 9x9 grid. to determine how many times the grid must repeat, add the number of color pixels in the input grid. if there are 5 colored pixels, you must repeat the input pattern five times, mimicking the shape of the original grid. For each pixel in the input, that is nine pixel in the output. So each pixel in the input stand for one 3x3 grid in the output.",0,2
007bbfb7.json,"In the input, you should see...3x3 grid with a colored pattern The output grid size... output grid size is 9x9 To make the output, you have to...create a black 9x9 grid. Copy the pattern of the input grid onto the output grid. However, the number of copies on the output grid is determined by the number of colored squares on the input grid. So if there are 3 colored squares on the input grid, you have to copy the pattern on the output grid 3 times. And if there are 5 colored squares on the input grid, you have to copy the pattern 5 times. The location of the copied pattern on the output grid also follows the location of each of the colored squares on the input grid.",0,2
007bbfb7.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 grid with only one color. The output grid size...should be three times larger. 9x9. To make the output, you have to...repeat the 3x3 input grid in the 9x9 grid. To determine how many times the grid must repeat, add the number of color pixels in the input grid. For example, if there are 5 colored pixels, you must repeat the input pattern five times. The way should repeat is mimicking the shape of the original grid. For each pixel in the input, that is nine pixels in the output. So each pixel in the input stand for one 3x3 grid in the output.",0,1
00d62c1b.json,"In the input, you should see...a design with lines and empty squares. The output grid size...stays the same. To make the output, you have to...look at the color that form the design in the input.Find any empty areas of blocks that are enclosed  by the lines that form the main design, fill them yellow.You should end with the same original design from the input, but with the empty areas filled yellow.",1,1
00d62c1b.json,"In the input, you should see... A random green pattern The output grid size... Remains the same as the input size To make the output, you have to... Fill each enclosed hole with yellow",1,1
00d62c1b.json,"In the input, you should see... green pixels in a random pattern. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size. To make the output, you have to....copy the input grid and then fill in each area or pixel enclosed by green pixels with yellow.",0,1
00d62c1b.json,"In the input, you should see...green pixels in a random order, there should be some shapes that are totally surrounded by green pixels. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size. To make the output, you have to...copy the input grid and then fill in all of the areas that are surrounded totally by green pixels.",0,0
017c7c7b.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid that is 3x6 with black and blue. The output grid size...add 3 rows to the bottom. To make the output, you have to...keep the original pattern, change the blue to red, and then continue the pattern in the new 3 rows.",1,1
017c7c7b.json,"In the input, you should see...colored grid in with black grid The output grid size... change into 3x9 To make the output, you have to...after change grid size use the same pattern but change the color into red, assume the design is in 3x9 grid",0,1
025d127b.json,"In the input, you should see...black background with colored shape The output grid size...should stay the same To make the output, you have to...Copy input grid over. find the bottom of the shape. Go up to the next row with the multicolored blocks and move everything over one row. Everything except the bottom row and the block that connects to the bottom row on the right side will have shifted one block over to the left.",0,4
025d127b.json,"In the input, you should see...orginal pattern The output grid size...copy the size pattern To make the output, you have to...follow the insturction",0,2
025d127b.json,"In the input, you should see...black background with colored shape The output grid size...should stay the same To make the output, you have to...copy input grid over. find the bottom of the shape. Go up to the next row with the multicolored blocks and move everything over one row. Everything except the bottom row and the block that connect to the bottom row on the right side will have shifted one block over to the left.",0,1
045e512c.json,"In the input, you should see... black background with one whole shape and other half-done shapes to its sides. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Then create the shapes that look like the whole shape starting from the given half-done shapes. Continue creating the same shape with the same size all the way to the end of the black background side.",0,2
045e512c.json,"In the input, you should see...a reference shape, which will be the shape with the most blocks, with various colored blocks to its sides. The output grid size...stays the same size. To make the output, you have to... replicate the reference shape, using the color of the other  blocks as a start point and then replicate that pattern to the edge of the grid, even if it needs a incomplete shape.",0,1
045e512c.json,"In the input, you should see... a large colored shape and smaller colored shapes next to, above, below or diagonal from the largest shape. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Then build onto the smaller shapes so that they become the same as the original main shape, but do not change their color. Then, continue to draw the same shape in the same color and at the same distance until you reach the end of the grid. So if it is a square, keep adding squares at an equal distance until you reach the edge of the grid. If it is a plus sign or any other shape, do the same. Repeat this in any direction where a small shape is near the original big shape.",0,0
045e512c.json,"In the input, you should see...a design pattern with incomplete patterns in different colors next to it on a black background The output grid size...same as the input size To make the output, you have to...complete the same pattern in the differing color all the way to the edge of the grid along the same direction or line that it starts at.",0,0
045e512c.json,"In the input, you should see...a larger shape and smaller shapes The output grid size...stays the same To make the output, you have to...duplicate the larger shape using the color and location of each smaller shape.  Once you have done that, you will need to continue the shape pattern to the edges of the grid.  That is make more duplicates being spaced the same distance and direction until you hit the edge of the grid.",0,0
0520fde7.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with a gray line down the center The output grid size...should be 3x3 To make the output, you have to... look at both the left and right parts of the input grid. You will notice that the left and right parts are 3x3. For each square that is colored on both the left and right parts, color the output grid with red on the new 3x3.",3,4
0520fde7.json,"In the input, you should see...two grid split by a gray line The output grid size...one of the two grid without the gray line To make the output, you have to...place the right grid on top of the left grid. any square that is colored on both grid becomes red. Every other square, including those that are blue, becomes black.",0,1
0520fde7.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid divided into a left side and a right side by a line of grey blocks The output grid size...the output grid is the size of one side only, excluding the grey blocks To make the output, you have to...imagine taking out the line grey blocks and sliding the left half over until it lines up with the right side. If two blue blocks are on top of each other the block becomes red, otherwise the block is black",0,0
05269061.json,"In the input, you should see...7 by 7 grid being different colored on black background The output grid size...should be same as input size To make the output, you have to...fill the black grid with same pattern of row color, next row need to replace the same pattern of first row one column move shifted left",1,2
05269061.json,"In the input, you should see...exciting The output grid size...by change the numbers To make the output, you have to...by read the instructions",0,1
05f2a901.json,"In the input, you should see...a light blue cube and a red shape. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...keep the light blue cube in the same exact location. Then copy and move the other shape directly towards the blue cube, until it is touching it. At the end you'll have the light blue cube in the same exact spot as in the input grid and the the other shape will be the same but moved directly towards and touching the blue cube.",5,5
05f2a901.json,"In the input, you should see...a light blue cube and a red shape The output grid size... remain the same To make the output, you have to... keep the blue cube in the same spot.  the red shape needs to move until it is touching the blue cube",3,3
06df4c85.json,"In the input, you should see... different color pattern on black background The output grid size...should be same as input size To make the output, you have to...fill the black 2x2 square grid with same color in between the two same color of 2x2 grid and connect",2,2
06df4c85.json,"In the input, you should see...example reaches The output grid size...instead To make the output, you have to...alternate",1,2
08ed6ac7.json,"In the input, you should see...a few bars that are gray The output grid size...does not change To make the output, you have to...change the color of the tallest to blue, then second talest to red,third tallest to green,then finally shortest to yellow for both pairs.",3,3
08ed6ac7.json,"In the input, you should see...a few bars that are gray The output grid size...does not change To make the output, you have to... change the color of the tallest to blue, then second talest to red,third tallest to green,then finally shortest to yellow for both pairs.",1,1
09629e4f.json,"In the input, you should see...a gray grid with random color cubes The output grid size...stay the same To make the output, you have to...find space in grid that only have 4 colored cubes. Copy this small grid, but on the big grid, fill the entire 9x9 block with the cube colors and make the other colored cubes black, except the gray.",0,3
09629e4f.json,"In the input, you should see...a gray grid with 9 different smaller squares with various color block patterns. The output grid size...remains the same. To make the output, you have to...find the square that has only four color blocks in the pattern. Use that design to fill the blocks in the output design. The gray areas stay the same.",0,3
0962bcdd.json,"In the input, you should see...two plus sign shapes with a different center color The output grid size... is the same as input To make the output, you have to...extend the plus sign one square in every direction and then make a 5x5 'X' of the center color through the center square. You should result in nine squares the color of the center and eight the color of the original plus sign.",1,1
0962bcdd.json,"In the input, you should see...very interesting on follow The output grid size...according size To make the output, you have to...output grid successfully",0,2
0962bcdd.json,"In the input, you should see...follow close The output grid size...according To make the output, you have to...except corresponding",0,1
0962bcdd.json,"In the input, you should see...2 plus shapes The output grid size...does not change. To make the output, you have to...extend those 2 point into 2 star patterns.  They are on a 5x5 grid and represent of an X pattern that share the center color, there is  a   pattern share the outer color.",0,0
0a938d79.json,"In the input, you should see...either a long or tall black grid with 2 different colored pixels The output grid size... remains the same. To make the output, you have to... create a pattern of short stripes alternating between the 2 colors. Start from the first colored pixel and create a line that goes to the opposite side using that color. Then go to the second colored pixel and do the same. Continue the pattern of stripes to the RIGHT for a long grid or go DOWN for a tall grid all the way to the end.",2,3
0a938d79.json,"In the input, you should see....vertical blocks of different color pattern The output grid size...it increase by 7 blocks To make the output, you have to...copy the input",0,1
0b148d64.json,"In the input, you should see...a rectangular pattern in each corner, one a different color than the others. The output grid size...becomes the size of the pattern that is a different color. To make the output, you have to...copy the pattern that is a different color",1,1
0b148d64.json,"In the input, you should see... four colored area. One different from others. The output grid size... become size of the different color area. To make the output, you have to... make it the area that is a different color.",1,1
0b148d64.json,"In the input, you should see...four colored areas. One of the four areas will be a different color from the rest. The output grid size...should change to match the size of the area that is the odd color from the rest. To make the output, you have to...make the output grid match the space of the colored area that is the odd color from the rest.",0,1
0ca9ddb6.json,"In the input, you should see...grid with single pixel colored squares The output grid size...same as input To make the output, you have to...copy image exactly.  Where there's a red square, put yellow squares at it's corners (4 total).  Where there's a dark blue square, put orange squares directly above and below it (4 total). Do nothing with light blue or magenta squares",3,3
0ca9ddb6.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with different colored squares. The output grid size...stays the same. To make the output, you have to...add one yellow square diagonally at each corner of the red square. Add one orange square to the top and bottom of the blue square, and one orange square to the left and right of the blue square. Leave the magenta and light blue squares as they are; do not add anything to them if they are present.",1,1
0d3d703e.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3 by 3 grid with three different colored column. The output grid size...is also 3 by 3. To make the output, you have to...change the column color to a specific other color. If the original color is dark red, change it to pink. If it is green, change it to yellow. If dark blue, change to grey. If light blue, change to dark red. The opposite is also true (for example if it is light blue, change to dark red).",2,2
0d3d703e.json,"In the input, you should see... a 3 by 3 grid with three different  colored with some color need to change The output grid size...should be same size as input grid size To make the output, you have to...change the color of the grid column into specific color.  grey to dark blue, light blue to dark red, magenta to light red, green to yellow and vice versa",1,1
0dfd9992.json,"In the input, you should see...a mostly filled in grid with a few black holes. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...start by copying the input grid exactly. Fill in all of the black boxes to complete the pattern until there are no more black boxes. To do this notice the pattern of the colored boxes. For example the top row might repeat every 4th row (or 5 rows or whatever the number of rows is before it repeats).  Once you've figured out the pattern just fill in the black boxes with the correct colored boxes. In the end you should see repeating patterns of colored boxes and there should be no black boxes in the grid.",3,3
0dfd9992.json,"In the input, you should see....A repeating tile pattern The output grid size...is the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to...copy input grid exactly.  Fill in all black boxes to draw establish pattern",0,1
0e206a2e.json,"In the input, you should see...a fully colored object and unfulfilled 3 color boxes with black backround. The output grid size...is same as given To make the output, you have to...try to fill up the empty space between the three color boxes as the original object given.",1,3
0e206a2e.json,"In the input, you should see...a fully colored object and unfulfilled 3 color boxes with black backround. The output grid size...is same as given To make the output, you have to...try to fill up the empty space between the three color boxes as the original object given.",0,1
0e206a2e.json,"In the input, you should see...Small shapes formed in a black background by color squares. The output grid size...The grid size does not change. To make the output, you have to... Try to recreate the pattern using red yellow and blue squares.",0,1
10fcaaa3.json,"In the input, you should see... 1 or 2 squares filled in with the same color on a black background. The output grid size... is double the height and width of the input grid. To make the output, you have to... resize the output grid to be double the width and height of the input grid. Then, copy and paste each colored square in the input grid 4 times -- once in each ""quadrant"" (if, in the input, the square is in the uppermost and leftmost corner, then it should be in the uppermost and leftmost corner in the output, as well as in the uppermost and leftmost corner of each ""quadrant""). Then, for every single colored square, do the following: put a light blue square on each adjacent corner, forming a cross with 4 light-blue squares and the colored square in the middle.",1,3
10fcaaa3.json,"In the input, you should see... one or more colored squares. The output grid size... is twice as tall and twice as wide as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid 4 times so you have the original grid in the upper left, then again next to it, below it and again in the bottom right corner.The output grid should be 4 of the input grid.When that is done, go to every single shape and add a light blue square at each corner. This should happen for every colored square. The only time you do not put a blue square at the corner of a colored square is if there is already another colored square in that space.",0,2
10fcaaa3.json,"In the input, you should see... a few colored squares on a black background The output grid size... is double the height and width of the input grid To make the output, you have to... copy the input. Then, resize the output grid to be double the width and height. Then, copy the upper-left quadrant of your output grid (which is the same as the input grid) and paste it once in each quadrant of the output grid. You should have 4x as many colored squares in the output as in the input. Then, for each colored square in the output, do the following: add a light blue square 1 above and to the left, 1 above and to the right, 1 below and to the left, 1 below and to the right. Each light blue square should be diagonally touching the colored square, forming an X with the colored square in the center. Some of the X's might overlap or go off the screen. That is okay.",0,1
11852cab.json,"In the input, you should see...shapes with one color that is not complete the pattern The output grid size...is the same as input To make the output, you have to...complete the pattern that is not there by color each side with the color that is not there to complete the pattern",4,4
11852cab.json,"In the input, you should see...shapes with one color that is not complete the pattern The output grid size...is the same as input To make the output, you have to...complete the pattern that is not there by color each side with the color that is not there to complete the pattern",0,1
1190e5a7.json,"In the input, you should see...colored grid The output grid size...number of size To make the output, you have to...successfully",1,1
1190e5a7.json,"In the input, you should see...a colored grid with vertical and horizontal lines The output grid size...count the number of vertical lines and add 1 to find your width and count the number of horizontal lines and add 1 to find your height To make the output, you have to...once you have your grid size change the color of the grid to the color of the input grid not the lines",0,1
137eaa0f.json,"In the input, you should see...single object fill grid The output grid size...In the input, you should see...single object fill grid To make the output, you have to...In the input, you should see...single object fill grid",2,3
137eaa0f.json,"In the input, you should see...several color patterns that each contain a single gray square. The output grid size...is 3x3. To make the output, you have to...move each pattern so that the gray square in each pattern occupies the center square of the output 3x3 grid.",1,2
150deff5.json,"In the input, you should see... a black 9x9 grid with a gray pattern. The output grid size... is the same for input and output To make the output, you have to... copy pattern and change 2x2 areas to light blue and 1x3 to red.",1,1
150deff5.json,"In the input, you should see... one or more grey shapes. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Find any blocks of four squares which make a 2x2 square and change them to LIGHT blue. Change the other grey squares to red. In the end, the shapes should be made only out of 2x2 light blue sections and 1x3 red sections.",1,1
150deff5.json,"In the input, you should see...a black 9x9 grid with a gray pattern. The output grid size...does not change. To make the output, you have to...fill in pattern completely  with blue and red, to form 2x2 blue pattern and 1x3 red patterns.",0,1
178fcbfb.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with red, blue and green squares. The output grid size...the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...extend the green and blue squares into horizontal lines that go all the way to the edges of the grid. The red square extend as a vertical line that is behind the green and blue squares so the place where the lines cross over each other, the blue or green square should show.",1,1
178fcbfb.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with red, blue, and green squares The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...draw a vertical red line of squares through any red squares, then make left to right green lines through green squares and left to right blue lines through blue squares. Go over any red squares from before.",1,1
178fcbfb.json,"In the input, you should see...green color row bag in the box The output grid size...In the input, you should see...green color row bag in the box To make the output, you have to... the input, you should see...green color row bag in the box  ..",1,1
178fcbfb.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with red, blue, and green squares The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...draw a vertical red line through any red squares.  Then draw lines, left to right, for the green and blue squares.  Go over any red squares from before.",1,2
1a07d186.json,"In the input, you should see...one or two main colors with a third that is different than the rest. The output grid size...remains the same To make the output, you have to...remove the different color that does not match the rest. move the single squares so they are in the same horizontal or vertical place depending if it is a vertical or horizontal line and have them touch the same side the single squares were on.",1,5
1a07d186.json,"In the input, you should see...mention The output grid size...while To make the output, you have to...share",0,2
1a07d186.json,"In the input, you should see...horizontal or vertical lines, and single squares. The output grid size...remains the same. To make the output, you have to...move the single squares horizontal or vertical to touch the line of the same color to their color, while removing of the other colored squares by turn them to the black base color of the grid.",0,0
1b2d62fb.json,"In the input, you should see... two red pattern and a blue line in the middle. The output grid size... is 3 wide and 5 up and down To make the output, you have to... put both pattern together, if it is red in either pattern make it red in the output. Then turn the black light blue and the red black.",3,4
1b2d62fb.json,"In the input, you should see...two pattern with same grid size and a blue line in the middle. The output grid size...the same size of the one pattern. To make the output, you have to...change the entire background in black and you have to watch the black space in both input pattern compare them now color the similar black space with light blue color.",1,2
1b60fb0c.json,"In the input, you should see...a three-part blue pattern against a black background. The output grid size...should match the input. To make the output, you have to... recreate the blue pattern then add another part on the left, in red.",2,3
1b60fb0c.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3-part blue pattern against a black background The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...recreate one of the sections of the 3-part blue pattern in order to turn it into a 4-part pattern. However the newly created section should be in red and should be placed into the empty section of the grid in a logical orientation in order to create a consistent 4-part pattern",1,1
1b60fb0c.json,"In the input, you should see...one color grid in black The output grid size...same size as input To make the output, you have to...mirror right side to left",0,1
1bfc4729.json,"In the input, you should see...10x10 grid The output grid size...same as input To make the output, you have to...use same color as input. 2 patterns, top and bottom; pattern like a long A stretch horizontally top then upside down on bottom of grid. To made the A and upside down A all side of grid are colored same color as the near color tile from input. Finally, add a 2 horizontal lines; 1 near top, 1 near bottom.",1,1
1bfc4729.json,"In the input, you should see...two colors, one at the top and the other at the bottom The output grid size...is the same size To make the output, you have to...use the top color to fill in the entire first row, the first and last blocks of the second row, the entire third row, and the first and last blocks of the 4th and 5th rows. Then use the bottom color to fill in the first and last blocks of the 6th and 7th rows, fill in the entire 8th row, the first and last blocks of the 9th row, and the entire bottom (10th) row",1,1
1bfc4729.json,"In the input, you should see... a 10x10 grid with two colors The output grid size... remains the same size To make the output, you have to... first fill the single row with the color of each of the colored grid that's on it. Then color the top half edge border with the color of that top grid. Then color the bottom half edge border with the color of that bottom grid.",0,1
1bfc4729.json,"In the input, you should see...10x10 grid with only two box filled with different colors The output grid size...the size remains the same To make the output, you have to...fill half the grid with one color and half the other with the other color",0,1
1bfc4729.json,"In the input, you should see...input grid is pink and orange The output grid size...the grid size is 10*10 To make the output, you have to...output grid is fully colored with half side pink and other side orange",0,1
1c786137.json,"In the input, you should see... a complex color pattern with a distinctive rectangle of a single color The output grid size...will be the size of the area inside the rectangle To make the output, you have to...copy the grid inside the rectangle",3,3
1c786137.json,"In the input, you should see...many colored squares with a section inside a rectangle of same colored squares The output grid size...is the same size as the area of the squares inside of the same colored squares To make the output, you have to...copy the squares inside of the same colored squares",2,2
1c786137.json,"In the input, you should see...complex color pattern with a distinctive rectangle of a single color The output grid size...will be the size of the area inside the rectangle To make the output, you have to...copy the grid inside the rectangle",1,1
1caeab9d.json,"In the input, you should see... 3 shapes of blue, red, and yellow colors. The output grid size...is the same size as the input grid To make the output, you have to...keep the blue shape where it is, and move the red and yellow shapes up or down so that they are at the same level as the blue-colored shape.",1,1
1caeab9d.json,"In the input, you should see...3 color patterns at different parts of the grid The output grid size...should be the same size as the input. To make the output, you have to...keep the blue pattern where it is and bring the yellow and red patterns up or down onto the same level as the blue one.",1,1
1caeab9d.json,"In the input, you should see...3 color square pattern each on a different level of the main grid The output grid size...is the same size as the input grid To make the output, you have to...move red and yellow  shapes up or down to the same vertical position as the blue grid position",0,0
1cf80156.json,"In the input, you should see...a colored image on a black grid. The output grid size...it becomes the size of the colored image. To make the output, you have to...you just need to make sure the colored image is exactly (top, bottom, left, right) in the new grid. No color change.",2,2
1cf80156.json,"In the input, you should see...colored image on a black grid The output grid size...if becomes the size of the colored image To make the output, you have to... you have to you need to make sure the colored image is exactly",1,1
1e0a9b12.json,"In the input, you should see...four different color pixel shapes each in a column. The output grid size...does not change. To make the output, you have to...move all pixels down. The colors do not change. Simply move all pixels down until they sit on top of each other. There should not be any black pixels between the same color in a column.",1,1
1e0a9b12.json,"In the input, you should see... grids of squares with colored square scattered. The output grid size... doesn't change from the input. To make the output, you have to... think of the grid as a black field and as the colored squares as being objects floating in space. Gravity is suddenly turned on and all of the block fall vertically to the bottom.  That produces the correct output grid.",1,1
1e0a9b12.json,"In the input, you should see... a 5 by 5 black grid with various squares of different colors. All squares of one color will be in the same column. The output grid size... remains 5 by 5. To make the output, you have to... move the squares downward toward the bottom of the grid. All squares of the same color should rest on top of the other squares of the same color in a column, with the bottom of each column on the bottom row of the grid. The rest of the squares remain black.",1,1
1e0a9b12.json,"In the input, you should see...4x4 grid with four different colors The output grid size...stays the same 4x4 To make the output, you have to...Move every color down to the bottom row. If there are multiple colors fill grid going vertically. Fill going vertically the same color.",0,1
1e0a9b12.json,"In the input, you should see...varying colors on a black background The output grid size...stays the same To make the output, you have to...move each color block to the bottom, think like the game where you line up blocks to create lines to get point after point.",0,1
1e32b0e9.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with 9 5x5 square boxes all split by one color. there shapes of another color in 5 of the boxes. The output grid size...is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...use the shape that's in the top left box and replicate that in all the other boxes, but leave the color that is already there, and use the other color, the one that is dividing the 9 boxes, to complete the shapes in the rest of the boxes",1,1
1e32b0e9.json,"In the input, you should see...a 17x17 grid that is split into 9 5x5 squares. Inside of these 9 blocks you should see blocks of the same color. The output grid size...is the same To make the output, you have to...replicate what is inside of the top left 5x5 grid throughout the rest of the 8 grid left. The color of these additional blocks should match the color of the block cut line.",1,1
1e32b0e9.json,"In the input, you should see... a grid of one color with 9 5x5 spaces, some with shapes of another color. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to...take what is in the up left space and put that pattern in all 9 spaces but in the same color as the grid. If a space has a pattern in it already, leave those blocks the same color as you fill in the rest of the first pattern around it in the grid color.",1,1
1e32b0e9.json,"In the input, you should see...a colored grid with 9 5x5 spaces. Some of the 9 spaces contain shapes of a color that is different from the color of the grid. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid. s To make the output, you have to...Take the shape in the upper left space of the grid and copy that pattern in all 9 spaces. If a space in your input has a shape in it, leave those blocks as the same color. Make the other shapes in the output the same color as the colored grid in the input.",0,1
1f0c79e5.json,"In the input, you should see...A square pattern with at least one red color square The output grid size...Same as input To make the output, you have to...Extend the pattern in the direction that the red square is located on the square. If more than one corner has a red square, extend all corners to the edge by the width of the square.  Pattern should go up one and over one by a width of two.",0,1
1f0c79e5.json,"In the input, you should see...a 2x2 colored object and one is orange. The output grid size...should be the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...use the other color to extend based on the location of the oranged grid to the border. In the border, fill the one black grid with that color.",0,0
1f642eb9.json,"In the input, you should see...a large blue area with colored squares around the edge. The output grid size...keep the same To make the output, you have to...make a copy of each of the colored small squares and put those copy into the blue shape into the same line near to the same block.",1,4
1f642eb9.json,"In the input, you should see...the same color input the grid The output grid size...nothing To make the output, you have to... join the color",0,2
1f642eb9.json,"In the input, you should see... a light blue section surrounded by black, with colored squares scattered around the outside of the figure. The output grid size... remains the same. To make the output, you have to... make one similiarly colored squar inside the light blue figure for each colored square around the exterior. Place the colored squares along the most outer edge of the blue figure, closest to their corresponding block.",0,0
1f85a75f.json,"In the input, you should see...large areas with one significant colored pattern different than its background. The output grid size...same size as the significant pattern. To make the output, you have to...copy the significant pattern.",1,1
1f85a75f.json,"In the input, you should see... a grid with many shapes in it including one which is the biggest and is a different color The output grid size... is the size of the height and width of the biggest colored shape. To make the output, you have to... copy only the biggest shape into the output grid",1,1
1f85a75f.json,"In the input, you should see...a dense color block inside the big back ground The output grid size...is the size of the small dense part To make the output, you have to...copy the small dense part",1,1
1f85a75f.json,"In the input, you should see... a dense color block inside the big back ground The output grid size... is the size of the small dense part To make the output, you have to...copy the small dense part",1,1
1f85a75f.json,"In the input, you should see...a series of like colored connected blocks within a large field The output grid size...is the size of the like colored blocks. To make the output, you have to...you have to replicate just the series of like colored blocks.",0,0
1f876c06.json,"In the input, you should see...various pairs of colored blocks in a black grid. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size. To make the output, you have to...copy the input grid. Then, form a diagonal line by connecting the two of the same color blocks. The diagonal line between each set of matching color blocks should be the same color as the two blocks you are connecting. Do this for each set of matching blocks.",4,5
1f876c06.json,"In the input, you should see...various pairs of colored blocks in the grid. The output grid size... is the same as the input size. To make the output, you have to...connect the two same colored blocks in a diagonal to create a same colored line.",0,1
1fad071e.json,"In the input, you should see...multiple  2x2 blue grids and other colors on black background The output grid size... 5x1 grid To make the output, you have to...fill single blue grid from the left for every 2x2 blue grids available",1,1
1fad071e.json,"In the input, you should see...2x2 grid blue color The output grid size...be 5x1 grid size To make the output, you have to...choose 5x1 grid size and fill the color of grid as blue as how many 2x2 blue color grid in input and leave others as black.",1,1
1fad071e.json,"In the input, you should see... a series of blue 2x2 squares, red 2x2 squares, and single red and blue squares. The output grid size... should be 1 square high by 5 squares wide. To make the output, you have to... first color all squares black. Then from the left to the right, color one square blue for each blue 2x2 square in the input.",0,1
2013d3e2.json,"In the input, you should see... a colored shape on a black background The output grid size... is 3x3 To make the output, you have to... fill the grid with the upper left corner of the colored shape. The output should look like the top left corner of the colored shape.",1,1
2013d3e2.json,"In the input, you should see...a large pattern on a black background The output grid size...is 3x3 To make the output, you have to...use the left most 9 squares of the large pattern, even if the first square in the large pattern is black",0,1
2013d3e2.json,"In the input, you should see...a large pattern on a black background The output grid size...is 3x3 To make the output, you have to...draw an imaginary box around the colored shape (the first colored square should form the border), then imagine that box divided into four equal quadrants. Draw the top left quadrant",0,0
2204b7a8.json,"In the input, you should see...two colored sides of the grid, with some colored blocks in the middle. The output grid size...same as input To make the output, you have to...change the color of the block in the middle of the grid to match the color of the side they are closest to.",1,1
2204b7a8.json,"In the input, you should see...in a black background, two sides are filled with colors. Inside there are singletons, which are colored too. The output grid size...same as the input. To make the output, you have to...change the colors of the singletons same as the colors of the side bars they are close to.",0,1
2204b7a8.json,"In the input, you should see...the color of the grid. The output grid size...both are the same To make the output, you have to...colors has to be changed.",0,1
2204b7a8.json,"In the input, you should see...  a black field with two border lines of colors x and y. There are pixels scattered between the two borders. The output grid size... is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...  copy the input grid.  change the color of each pixel in the black field to the color of the border line that each pixel is closest to.  Done.",0,1
22168020.json,"In the input, you should see...a box of color with colored shapes up from each side. The output grid size...should be the same as the input To make the output, you have to...fill in the area above the four square base until you get to the top of the colored area",2,4
22168020.json,"In the input, you should see... four colored blocks. The output grid size...same as the input. To make the output, you have to...fill up the black blocks in all the colored blocks with their individual colors.",0,1
22168020.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with one or more colored shapes that look a boxes with arms raised up The output grid size...the grid size is the same To make the output, you have to...copy the input grid. Then close and fill in the shapes so that they look a little like weird triangles",0,0
22233c11.json,"In the input, you should see...green pattern or patterns The output grid size...same size To make the output, you have to...on each of the center line direction of the green pattern, draw blue color pattern, and the blue color pattern is half of the green pattern",1,3
22233c11.json,"In the input, you should see... Set(s) of diagonal green tiles The output grid size... remains the same size as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... Put a light blue tile diagonal of each side of the green tiles that skips one black tile. Imagine an X is trying to be created, EXCEPT the light blue tiles skip the first diagonal tile (leave black) to make one light blue tile on each side.",0,1
22233c11.json,"In the input, you should see...diagonal green line(s) The output grid size...remains the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to...replicate the diagonal green line(s). At a perpendicular position of the green line(s), skip the number of squares which make the width of the green line, and place light blue squares equal in size to the width of the green line(s) on both sides of the green line(s).",0,0
2281f1f4.json,"In the input, you should see...a series of gray boxes along the top and right side. The output grid size...is 10x10 To make the output, you have to...color a box red if it is intersecting both gray boxes both horizontal and vertical.",0,3
2281f1f4.json,"In the input, you should see... to fo;;ow the instructions The output grid size... by changing the numbers To make the output, you have to...read the instruction and play properly",0,2
2281f1f4.json,"In the input, you should see...grey squares along the side of the grid The output grid size...should remain the same To make the output, you have to...add red dots where the imaginary lines of the gray squares intersect",0,2
2281f1f4.json,"In the input, you should see...grey squares on a black background The output grid size...same as input To make the output, you have to...use the grey squares as reference to make red squares. The grey squares on the top are X, the grey squares on the right side are Y. Imagine a line that will intersect from X and Y squares. At that spot paint a black square red.",0,1
228f6490.json,"In the input, you should see...same grid The output grid size...10x10 To make the output, you have to...fill in the shapes within the gray area with the color shapes that represent the space.",2,4
228f6490.json,"In the input, you should see...Grey squares with a hole in them, colored boxes that will fit, and some that will not. The output grid size...it remains the same. To make the output, you have to...Take a colored shape to fill in the hole for each square. It will only take one shape per square.",0,1
22eb0ac0.json,"In the input, you should see...single pixels of different colors in two horizontal lines along the left and right sides of the grid. The output grid size...stays the same size as the input. To make the output, you have to....copy the input. If two blocks across from each other are the same color, fill in the rest of that horizontal row with that color. Don't do anything with the blocks across from each other that are different colors",2,2
22eb0ac0.json,"In the input, you should see...rows of colored blocks with a black row in between The output grid size...stays a 10x10 To make the output, you have to....one black row at the top, then add a row of colored blocks, any color, all the way through and then fill in one or two of the colored rows with the first block in that row color",0,1
234bbc79.json,"In the input, you should see...three shapes, all of which have a main color with some grey boxes. The output grid size...changes in length by removed any black columns that separate the shapes To make the output, you have to...make any grey boxes the same color as the blocks to which it is connected. Remove columns of black boxes. Align the middle and right shapes so that the former grey squares are connected.",1,1
234bbc79.json,"In the input, you should see...three different shapes, all of which have a main color with some boxes a grey color. The output grid size...changes in length by removing any black boxes that separate the shapes To make the output, you have to...change any grey box to the same color it is connected to.  Remove any column of black boxes that are separating the shapes, so that each shape is next to each other.  The middle shape is moved to the opposite of it's original position, either moving from bottom to top, or top to bottom.",0,1
234bbc79.json,"In the input, you should see...three blocks of pixels in different shapes. The output grid size...is smaller. Output should be 9x3. To make the output, you have to...correspond  the shapes with one another. The shapes should become one whole object. To do this, move the shape in the middle either up or down, depending on the site of the two outer shapes. Begin with the shape on the left, fill in the grey pixel with the same color. Then create the middle shape, which will touch where the grey pixel was on the left shape. Fill in the grey pixels on the middle shape with its same color. Then add the shape on the far right to the end of the middle shape, where they last grey pixel was on the middle shape. Fill in the rest of the pixels on the right shape with its same color.",0,0
234bbc79.json,"In the input, you should see...the middle pattern move up or down to join the left and right sides. The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...fill in the gray squares with the original color it was placed with",0,0
234bbc79.json,"In the input, you should see...a 11x3 grid with colored blocks end in a grey block The output grid size...is 9x3 with the two empty all black column removed. To make the output, you have to...draw the image with the two removed columns.  Replace the color of the end grey blocks with the color of the original pattern leaving no grey blocks.",0,0
23581191.json,"In the input, you should see... two colored squares The output grid size... is the same To make the output, you have to... continue both lines in their color both left to right and up and down. where the two lines cross each other make that square red",1,1
23581191.json,"In the input, you should see...two colored squares on a black background The output grid size...is the same as input To make the output, you have to....make a vertical and horizontal line through each square to the edge of the grid.  Make each line the same color as its input square.  Where the two colors cross put a red square.",1,1
23581191.json,"In the input, you should see...two colored squares The output grid size...is the same To make the output, you have to...extend both colored squares left and right, and up and down across the board to form two lines. The square should be red where the lines intersect.",0,1
23581191.json,"In the input, you should see...Two colored square The output grid size...is the same size To make the output, you have to...make a make line same as color pattern when meet a two pattern mention as red color.",0,1
239be575.json,"In the input, you should see...Blue grid and two red squares with the random Black grid. The output grid size...1 grid square. To make the output, you have to...make the color of the square the same color as the square that is five down and three across of the input.",2,2
239be575.json,"In the input, you should see... Blue grid and two red squares with the random Black grid. The output grid size... single grid of the output. To make the output, you have to... note whether the red square is placed in the correct position or not. If it is right choose the output single grid as blue or black whichever it is.",0,1
23b5c85d.json,"In the input, you should see...different colored objects in the grid. The output grid size...should be the one colored object with the smallest area. To make the output, you have to...change the grid size with the colored object with the smallest area and fill the same color.",3,3
23b5c85d.json,"In the input, you should see...grid with various patterns of small grid with different colors. The output grid size...same as the small inner grid pattern. To make the output, you have to...copy the exact colors in the small inner grid pattern.",0,1
253bf280.json,"In the input, you should see...light blue dots The output grid size...is the same as the old one To make the output, you have to...use green lines to connect blue dots that are in the same line",2,2
253bf280.json,"In the input, you should see...light blue blocks in different patterns The output grid size...is the same To make the output, you have to...add green blocks between the light blue blocks. Do not add green blocks if the light blue blocks are not on the same row.",1,1
253bf280.json,"In the input, you should see...light blue dots The output grid size...is the same as the old one To make the output, you have to...use green lines to connect blue dots that are in the same horizontal or vertical point on the grid",1,1
253bf280.json,"In the input, you should see...light blue boxes with a black background The output grid size...stay the same To make the output, you have to...connect light blue squares in a straight line with green boxes.",0,1
25d487eb.json,"In the input, you should see...a single pattern The output grid size...does not change To make the output, you have to...take the smaller color and shoot it out the top",2,4
25d487eb.json,"In the input, you should see... a pattern. The output grid size...does not change. To make the output, you have to...take the smaller color and shoot it out the top.",0,1
25d487eb.json,"In the input, you should see...a structure with a base of 5 colored blocks with the center on the base a different color. The output grid size...stay the same To make the output, you have to...make a straight line with the center block color on the base. Start at the top of the base and fill in all the way to the edge.",0,0
25d487eb.json,"In the input, you should see...a single pattern The output grid size...does not change To make the output, you have to...take the smaller color and shoot it out the top",0,0
25d8a9c8.json,"In the input, you should see...colored pattern in the grids. The output grid size...same as the input grid size. To make the output, you have to...fill the row with grey if the row has the same colors in the input. color the row with black if the row contain different colors.",2,2
25d8a9c8.json,"In the input, you should see...grid filled with different colors The output grid size...should be the same as the input To make the output, you have to...change the color in a given row to gray if the color is the same in that row in the input; otherwise, change the color to black.",0,1
25ff71a9.json,"In the input, you should see...3 by 3 grid blue color grid on black background The output grid size...same as input size To make the output, you have to...move all the blue color move down  by one grid",2,4
25ff71a9.json,"In the input, you should see...3 blue cell The output grid size...is the same size as the input grid To make the output, you have to...drop 3 blue cell down one cell as a group",0,2
264363fd.json,"In the input, you should see...large grid The output grid size...input size grid To make the output, you have to...blocks tall and touch",1,1
264363fd.json,"In the input, you should see...a large grid with shapes of three different colors on a colored background The output grid size...is the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to...remove the small shape and replicate it over each block of the same color as its center and color in the row or column of the blocks that extend from the shape to the edge of the colored area it is within for the blocks around the center of the small shape that are two blocks wide or two blocks tall and touch the sides of the center of the shape",0,1
264363fd.json,"In the input, you should see...a large grid with boxes, a shape and three different colors. The output grid size...identical to the input grid. To make the output, you have to...Copy the shape you see outside of the boxes. Take note of the center square of the shape outside the box. Position the shape in the box, centered over the the single squares in the boxes that are a different color. Next, take note of the squares that extend two spaces out from the center of the shape. Now, using the same color as these squares, continue their lines until they touch the sides of the colored box. Don't go into the background color. Repeat these steps for all boxes with a different colored square inside.",0,0
272f95fa.json,"In the input, you should see...four lines - two horizontal, two vertical - in a single color on a black background. The output grid size...same as input To make the output, you have to...copy the input. Fill the top row middle shape (between the lines) in red. For the second (center) row, fill the first shape with yellow, the middle with pink, and the last (right) in green. Then fill the middle shape of the bottom row with blue. The four corner shapes will still be black.",1,1
272f95fa.json,"In the input, you should see...a 19x19 grid The output grid size...remains the same To make the output, you have to...fill in the left square with yellow. The middle rectangle with pink. The right rectangle in the middle, with green. The bottom center rectangle with blue and the top center rectangle with red.",0,2
272f95fa.json,"In the input, you should see...input grid good The output grid size...changed correct To make the output, you have to...output grid successfully solved",0,2
272f95fa.json,"In the input, you should see...a large black grid with two columns and two rows filled with light blue. The output grid size...will be the same size as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... copy the entire grid. Fill in all areas within the light blue except for the four corner sections. The upper middle section must be red. The middle center section must be pink. The right middle section must be green. The left middle section must be yellow.",0,0
27a28665.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3 by 3 grid filled with different colored squares. The output grid size...will change to a 1 by 1 square. To make the output, you have to...see which design you have. if you have two black lines that are 2 squares long, one coming down from the top left, and one going left from the bottom right, your output will be a green square.If you have a grey cross that is filled in, your output is a magenta square. If you have a black cross, with the middle square filled in with a different color, your output will be an orangey red. If you have a cross of a different color, with the middle square black, and the upper left square filled in with the color as well, then your output will be a blue square.",1,1
27a28665.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 grid with four boxes in black and five boxes in a different color The output grid size...does not change but the grid is not segmented into small boxes. To make the output, you have to...consider the pattern of the colored boxes. where the colored boxes form a cross, the output color should be pink.where there are three colored boxes at the top left corner the output color should be blue. Where there are four colored boxes at the top right the output color should be green. Where the colored boxes are at the middle of each of the first and third column and in the middle column the colored boxes are at the top and bottom, the output color should be red.",0,1
28bf18c6.json,"In the input, you should see...a figure on a big grid. The output grid size...3 up and 6 to the sides. To make the output, you have to...copy the figure two times in that grid size.",1,2
28bf18c6.json,"In the input, you should see...a figure on a big grid The output grid size...3 up and 6 to the sides To make the output, you have to...copy the figure two times in that grid size.",1,2
28bf18c6.json,"In the input, you should see...any color grid pattern in big background The output grid size...3x6 to the length To make the output, you have to...copy the same pattern into two times",0,1
28bf18c6.json,"In the input, you should see...a structure of colored blocks in a random shape. The output grid size...is the same height as the same and twice as wide. To make the output, you have to...zoom into the shape to make the grid size correct and then copy and paste the shape beside the original shape.",0,0
28e73c20.json,"In the input, you should see...a black background. The output grid size...is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...make a green ""spiral."" Begin in the upper left corner and work clockwise around the outer edges of the grid. Turn clockwise one cell short of making a complete border of green. Continue coloring green until you reach the center of the grid.",1,2
28e73c20.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid The output grid size...is the same as input To make the output, you have to...create a green pattern. Start in the upper left and go right. Hit the corner and go down. Continue in clockwise order. When you hit green, stop one blocks away and continue in the pattern. End in the center.",0,1
28e73c20.json,"In the input, you should see...an all black grid. The output grid size...can stay the same. To make the output, you have to...use green blocks to make and follow around the grid. Begin at the top left corner and keep go until you reach the center. Leave a black blocks between each row and of green and never let the green meet other than horizontally in the center on a grid with even horizontal row number.",0,1
29623171.json,"In the input, you should see...9 black boxes with colored blocks inside them The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size To make the output, you have to...find the black box or boxes with the highest number of colored blocks in the input grid. The corresponding box or boxes in the output grid should be colored entirely that color. The rest of the boxes should be all black",3,5
29623171.json,"In the input, you should see...9 black boxes, with varying amounts of colored boxes inside of them The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size To make the output, you have to...count the number of small colored boxes within the bigger black boxes, the one(s) with the most colored boxes get filled in entirely with that color. The remaining boxes are all black",1,3
29c11459.json,"In the input, you should see...5x11 grid The output grid size...stays the same To make the output, you have to...add four more blocks of the same color to the right of the block on the left side of the grid. Add a gray block. Then add four blocks of the same color of the block on the right side of the grid to connect the line.",2,2
29c11459.json,"In the input, you should see...5x11 grid The output grid size...grid stay the same To make the output, you have to... move blue to the right to make 5 blue. move red to left to make 5 red. present with color square.",0,2
29ec7d0e.json,"In the input, you should see...black square areas on multi-color squares. The output grid size...is the same. To make the output, you have to...replace the black squares with the correct corresponding colors, using the blocks without black areas as reference.",1,1
29ec7d0e.json,"In the input, you should see...fill with create colors The output grid size...same size To make the output, you have to...fill with bottom",1,1
29ec7d0e.json,"In the input, you should see...Color fills of repeating colors by rows. Each row repeats the same pattern of colors rotating. Based on one square seperated by the blue line fills. The output grid size...The grid size stays the same To make the output, you have to...You take the alternating squares of each grid and place those colors into the boxes consistantly. Fill those black spots with the color of square you choose.",0,1
2bcee788.json,"In the input, you should see...an object on a black background with red blocks. The output grid size...stays the same. To make the output, you have to...change the background to green. The object should have 2 colors red and some other color. From the input, take the color that is not red and copy it exactly as it is. You want to make another copy of that color but make it a mirrored image in the direction of the red block.",1,1
2bcee788.json,"In the input, you should see...black grid with two colored shapes connecting to each other in middle The output grid size...stays the same To make the output, you have to...take the shape with more blocks and copy it exactly onto the output grid in the same color, then reflect it in the direction of the smaller shape. So you have an exact reflection of the larger shape. Color the rest of the background light green",0,1
2bcee788.json,"In the input, you should see...a large grid with two colored area patterns near the middle. The output grid size...stays the same. To make the output, you have to...The background is all green.  The object with the smaller number of blocks is not in the new image. The object with more blocks is placed in the same spaces in the new image.  A mirrored image of the object is placed right next to the original object on the same orientation.",0,0
2bcee788.json,"In the input, you should see...two touching shapes of different colors on a black background. One shape will be larger than the other. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...mirror the shape and color of the larger shape in the direction of the adjoining shape. The smaller shape should be covered by the mirrored shape.",0,0
2bee17df.json,"In the input, you should see...two different colors of squares around the edges of the grid. The output grid size...stays the same. To make the output, you have to...Copy the input grid into the output. Around the outside of the grid, you will notice some squares are only one square deep around. Take note of these squares. Using green, draw straight lines horizontally and vertically from these squares that are only one deep around the outside, connecting them ONLY to squares on the other side of the grid that also are only one square deep.",1,1
2bee17df.json,"In the input, you should see... with exciting The output grid size... by change the numbers To make the output, you have to... by read the instructions",0,1
2c608aff.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern with a central square and colored dots. The output grid size...is the same as input To make the output, you have to...If the dots could connect to the central square with a straight line, connect it with the same color as the dot",4,5
2c608aff.json,"In the input, you should see...single blocks and a central set of blocks The output grid size...stay the same To make the output, you have to...extend the color of the single blocks which share a row with the central blocks.",0,1
2dc579da.json,"In the input, you should see... a grid broken up into 4 sections by a cross, where 1 section has an off-color single square in it. The output grid size... is the size of 1 of the 4 sections. To make the output, you have to... ""zoom in"" on the section with an off-color square.",4,4
2dc579da.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid broken into 4 sections or quadrants, where exactly one quadrant contains a square that is a different color from the other squares. The output grid size...is the size of one of the quadrants. To make the output, you have to...select the quadrant with the different colored square, then copy and paste the quadrant as the output.",1,1
2dd70a9a.json,"In the input, you should see...red and green dots The output grid size...is the same as the old one To make the output, you have to...use green line to connect the red and green parts in straight lines",2,4
2dd70a9a.json,"In the input, you should see...input clear and view The output grid size...size in option change view To make the output, you have to...none clear view",0,1
2dd70a9a.json,"In the input, you should see...a large grid with light blue dots as well as two red dots and two green dots The output grid size...is the same size as the input grid To make the output, you have to...connect the green and red dots. Start by using green to fill in the dots until you hit a blue dot then change direction to the red dots. Continue until you hit the red dots.",0,0
2dee498d.json,"In the input, you should see... A repeating pattern (usually repeats three times) The output grid size... should be set to the equivalent grid size that the singular pattern takes up To make the output, you have to... fill the grid up with the singular identified pattern",4,4
2dee498d.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern of colored blocks repeated several times from left to right in the grid. The output grid size... is the size of one example of the colored block pattern. To make the output, you have to...zoom in on one example of the colored pattern and paste it into the grid of the correct size.",2,2
31aa019c.json,"In the input, you should see...large grid with many colored blocks. The output grid size...same as the input. To make the output, you have to....make the entire output black. Then, you need to locate a block that is the only color in the input and place it in the same position. Surround the block with red blocks until it forms a square.",1,2
31aa019c.json,"In the input, you should see...a large grid with many colored blocks The output grid size...is the same size To make the output, you have to....make the entire output grid black. then find the block in the input grid that is the only one of that color and place it in the same position in the output grid. Then surround that block with blocks of the bright red-orange color",0,1
321b1fc6.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with four different structures. Three are the same color and one is multi-colored. The output grid size...stays the same. To make the output, you have to...change the colors of all the single-colored structures to the multi-colors. Then change the original multi-colored structure to all black.",4,4
321b1fc6.json,"In the input, you should see... a black grid with patterns placed thought it. One will be multi-colored, and the others will be a solid color. The output grid size... Remains the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... REPLACE the solid colored patterns with the multi-colored versions, so each pattern has the same coloring. THEN REMOVE the original multi-colored pattern by replacing it entirely with black tiles.",1,1
32597951.json,"In the input, you should see... an incomplete rectangle or square The output grid size...same as the input size To make the output, you have to...replace the blue squares with green squares to complete a square of a rectangle with the light blue blocks",4,4
32597951.json,"In the input, you should see...light blue, dark blue and black boxes. The light blue boxes represent an incomplete rectangle. The output grid size...stays the same. To make the output, you have to...change the dark blue boxes to green boxes where they cover parts of the rectangle created by the light blue boxes. Once changed the rectangle shape should be clear with no dark blue boxes within its borders.",1,2
3345333e.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern of a single color with a box pattern of another color on top of it. The output grid size...is the same size as the input grid To make the output, you have to...remove the box pattern color completely and make the other pattern symmetrical by mirroring the shape horizontally.",0,3
3345333e.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern of a single color with a box of another color on top of part of it. The output grid size...the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to...remove the colored box and complete the pattern. Make it symmetrical by mirroring the shape horizontally.",0,2
3345333e.json,"In the input, you should see....a pattern of one color with a square or rectangular pattern connected to it The output grid size...the same size To make the output, you have to...on the output fill in the part of the box pattern with blocks the same color as the pattern copying the pattern dimensions to make them identical the rest of the colored squares of the boxes should be made black",0,2
3345333e.json,"In the input, you should see...pattern is colored changed The output grid size...grid size not change To make the output, you have to...output grid correctly solved",0,1
3345333e.json,"In the input, you should see...a single color pattern with unnecessary square box in the middle or touch in the single color pattern The output grid size...the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to...to make the output you have to remove the unnecessary pattern box in the single color pattern",0,0
3428a4f5.json,"In the input, you should see...two patterns on top of one another with a line dividing them The output grid size...size of one pattern To make the output, you have to...overlapping the two patterns, if the colors are the same then it is colored black. if they are different then they are colored in a different color",0,3
3428a4f5.json,"In the input, you should see... tall grid that made up of red and black blocks is split into a top half and bottom half  by a line of yellow blocks The output grid size...he grid size of the output grid is only as large as the top half of the input grid, above and not including the yellow blocks To make the output, you have to... the grid up so that it is on top of the top half. If two red blocks are on top of each other they turn black. If a red block is on top of or below a black block it becomes green. If two black blocks are on top of each other they stay black.",0,3
3618c87e.json,"In the input, you should see... two blue colored grids on top of the grey grids, a black grid is between the two blue grids The output grid size...the two blue grids have been moved two steps downwards To make the output, you have to...change blue grids to black background, count two steps below each grid's initial placement and fill with blue",1,2
3618c87e.json,"In the input, you should see...measure the color change in two colors The output grid size...In the input, you should see...measure the color change in two colors To make the output, you have to...In the input, you should see...specific the color change in two colors",0,2
3618c87e.json,"In the input, you should see...gray grid with blue dots on top The output grid size...is the same To make the output, you have to...take the blue dots and place them two squares down.with the background still fully black",0,2
3631a71a.json,"In the input, you should see...a large grid with a multicolored pattern. Notice that the pattern is mirrored horizontally and vertically. The output grid size...stays the same. To make the output, you have to...Copy the input grid to the output grid. You will see boxes where the pattern is missing. In these boxes, mirror the pattern from the opposite side of the grid, exactly. Use the same colors.",1,1
3631a71a.json,"In the input, you should see...a large multicolored pattern that is symmetrical horizontally and vertically. The pattern has had large shapes placed on the pattern. The large shapes are a different color than the rest of the pattern. The output grid size...is the same is the input grid. To make the output, you have to...replace the large shapes with the mirrored version of what is on the opposite side of the pattern.",1,2
363442ee.json,"In the input, you should see... a pattern on the left, a grey bar and blue squares on the right The output grid size... is the same as the input To make the output, you have to... copy the pattern on the left and recreate the same pattern over each blue square on the right side, such that the center of the pattern is where the blue square was",3,3
363442ee.json,"In the input, you should see...a color pattern on the left side and blue squares on the right. The output grid size...same size as input To make the output, you have to...use the blue square as the middle square and recreate the same pattern replacing the blue square with the same color in the middle as the pattern",1,1
363442ee.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 multicolored pattern to the left of the grey bar and a number of blue squares to the right of the grey bar The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...copy the pattern on the left of the grey bar and paste it so that it is directly over each blue square such that the center square of the pattern is located exactly where the blue square was",1,1
363442ee.json,"In the input, you should see...color box pattern left side and blue squares on right side. The output grid size...same as the input. To make the output, you have to...copy colored box pattern on left onto each blue square",0,0
36d67576.json,"In the input, you should see...Yellow patterns with a single red square on each and one yellow shape with blue and green squares. The output grid size...Copy grid size To make the output, you have to...Repeat pattern shown on single yellow pattern onto others",1,2
36d67576.json,"In the input, you should see...Several different shapes The output grid size...is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...make the shapes all the same shape - they will appear to be the same shape that is rotated in different degree.You will need to find what is common to each of the shapes and try to fill it in from there. It can also be a mirror of itself.",0,1
36fdfd69.json,"In the input, you should see... a grid with many squares in one color and a smaller number of squares in red. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Connect the red squares with yellow to create yellow and red rectangles or squares. Only connect red squares that are close together. Do not turn any black squares yellow - only connect red squares that you can connect by making the other color in the grid yellow. The output grid will have more than one yellow and red rectangle or square.",1,1
36fdfd69.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with many squares in one color and a few red grid The output grid size...is same as the input grid To make the output, you have to...assume the red grid as a rectangle or square , now complete the structure by change the overlap color into yellow, leave all others grid same as input",0,1
3906de3d.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with a blue pattern across the top and red at the bottom The output grid size...same as the input To make the output, you have to...imagine the blue is a vacuum and sucks the red up into the open spaces.  Move all red straight up.",3,3
3906de3d.json,"In the input, you should see...black grid with two colors The output grid size...same size as the input To make the output, you have to...move the bars into colors",0,1
3906de3d.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with a blue pattern on top and red boxes toward the bottom. The output grid size...is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...move the red boxes up into the blue pattern to fill the black spaces.",0,0
39a8645d.json,"In the input, you should see... a few different kinds of 3x3 shape. Each kind should have a unique shape and color. There may be multiple copies of each kind. The output grid size... is 3x3 To make the output, you have to... count the number of copies of each shape. Zoom in on the shape with the most copies.",1,1
39a8645d.json,"In the input, you should see...background The output grid size...pattern To make the output, you have to...successfully",0,1
39a8645d.json,"In the input, you should see...smaller objects yellow blue pink and red with a black background The output grid size...the smaller size of the yellow and blue objects To make the output, you have to...just change size to contain the yellow or light blue objects",0,0
39a8645d.json,"In the input, you should see...in a black background, patterns created within 3x3 grid. The output grid size...should be 3x3. To make the output, you have to...create a pattern same as the original one, but only for the light blue and yellow colored patterns.",0,0
39e1d7f9.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid of pixel lines within the overall grid. The output grid size...same as the same To make the output, you have to...copy the input grid, replicate the main pixel placement within the grid and replicate half at the top right corner.",2,2
39e1d7f9.json,"In the input, you should see...single complete pattern with several other small part of the pattern The output grid size...same as the input To make the output, you have to...complete the small part as the same as the complete pattern .",1,1
39e1d7f9.json,"In the input, you should see...  a grid of pixel lines within the overall grid. The output grid size... is the same size. To make the output, you have to.... Copy the input.  Identify a shape composed of a center color x surrounded by squares composed of color y.  Replicate the surrounding color y shape around every instance of color x squares.  Done.",0,1
3aa6fb7a.json,"In the input, you should see...three incomplete squares that are each missing a corner. The output grid size...is identical To make the output, you have to...fill in the missing corners with a blue square.",1,1
3aa6fb7a.json,"In the input, you should see...3 blocks The output grid size...4 blocks pattern To make the output, you have to...blue block add",0,1
3ac3eb23.json,"In the input, you should see...either one or two colored squares at the top of the grid. The output grid size...should be similar. To make the output, you have to...make it look like a checkerboard: use the top square provided, the next row will be staggered color, blank, color; the next row will be one square, and so on and so forth to the end. The second colored square represents a new checkerboard design following the same rules. Use the same colors as the starting colored square provided.",0,3
3ac3eb23.json,"In the input, you should see...two colors of boxes The output grid size...is the same To make the output, you have to...alternatively boxes going down fill in colors",0,2
3ac3eb23.json,"In the input, you should see... a color box or two in the grid The output grid size... is the same To make the output, you have to... put a space in between each color going down. Then do the same on both sides of that line except skip the first box and leave it black. Do the same for the other if there is another color box.",0,2
3ac3eb23.json,"In the input, you should see...either one or two colored squares at the top of the grid. The rest should be all black. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...take each color and think of it as a 3 column checkerboard. For each color included, you need to go down and put that color in the opposite spot of the last row. For example, if the color is in the center on the first row, the second row would have color in column one and three. The next row would go back to color in column 2, and so on.",0,1
3ac3eb23.json,"In the input, you should see...2 color squares the top of the grid and the rest are blank The output grid size...is as same as the input grid To make the output, you have to...take it as 3 column for each square and fill as a chess board pattern",0,0
3af2c5a8.json,"In the input, you should see...one quarter The output grid size...eight by eight To make the output, you have to...mirror the pattern",1,4
3af2c5a8.json,"In the input, you should see...pattern of color squares. The output grid size...change to 8x6. To make the output, you have to...imagine grid is cut in half vertical. Copy pattern to top and below left half. Mirror pattern to right half of grid to top and below.",1,3
3af2c5a8.json,"In the input, you should see... a three by four grid with colored shapes The output grid size... is a six by eight grid To make the output, you have to... place the input shape in the top left corner. Mirror the pattern from the input shape down and to the right, then fill in the bottom right to finish the mirror image.",0,0
3bd67248.json,"In the input, you should see... a colored line on the left side of the grid. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Fill in all of the squares on the bottom row of the grid with yellow. Then draw a red line diagonal from the black square in the bottom left up to the top right of the grid. Do not change the bottom left color when you draw the yellow and red lines; the yellow and red lines each begin in the second column of the grid.",1,1
3bd67248.json,"In the input, you should see...colored squares on the left side, taking up the entire left side of the input. The output grid size... should be the same as the input. To make the output, you have to... make a yellow line across the bottom horizontal. You then have to make an orange line starting from the bottom left and ending at the top right square. This orange line should go through the entire grid.",0,0
3bd67248.json,"In the input, you should see... black background with a colored vertical line to the left The output grid size... is identical. To make the output, you have to... you need to make a yellow line perpendicular to the line located at the left half and then you draw a diagonal red line starting at the intersecting between both lines.",0,0
3bdb4ada.json,"In the input, you should see...large rectangle shapes. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size. To make the output, you have to...put black squares in the middle of the rectangle shapes so that the pattern is colored square, black square, colored square, black square and so on in the middle of each rectangle.",1,1
3bdb4ada.json,"In the input, you should see...same colored grids forming a shape or a pattern. The output grid size...does not change from the input size. To make the output, you have to....form multiple holes within the formed shapes, like as windows on an airplane, train or a bus.",1,1
3bdb4ada.json,"In the input, you should see...executive The output grid size...section To make the output, you have to...shortest",0,1
3befdf3e.json,"In the input, you should see...a square of one color filled with another color The output grid size...stays the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to...inverse the colors used in the original shape then add adjacent 4x2 shapes to the outer square on all four sides in the color of the new center square if it had a 2x2 center in the input, or a 3x1 shape on all four sides if the center had a 1x1 shape",1,1
3befdf3e.json,"In the input, you should see... a two color shape made up of one square surrounded by a square of another color The output grid size... is the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to... create the same shape, but switch the two colors. Use what is now your inside color and create a border around the outside square. This border will be the same width of the middle section of the same color. If a single block is in the center, then border will be 1x3 on both side and 3x1 on top/bottom. If center of shape is a 2x2 square, then border will be 2x4 on both side and 4x2 on top/bottom. Final shape should look like a plus sign.",0,2
3befdf3e.json,"In the input, you should see...a square with one color and filled with another color The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...Copy the original input and paste it in the output.  Then inverse the colors, then add the amount of squares that filled the input square to each side, inverse the color. Do not worry about the corners.",0,1
3befdf3e.json,"In the input, you should see...a square of one color, filled in with another color The output grid size...stays the same as the input grid size To make the output, you have to...swap the colors used to fill in the square, then add two rows of the inside color running along each side of the outer portion of the square",0,0
3c9b0459.json,"In the input, you should see... a grid of colored pixels. The output grid size... is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...  Create the same pattern as the input, just rotated 180 degrees.  Done.",1,1
3c9b0459.json,"In the input, you should see...colored blocks in a grid The output grid size...same as input To make the output, you have to...rotate the grid 180 degrees clockwise. That's it. Just fill in the grid with the original colors as if the grid rotated twice to the right (180 degrees).",0,1
3c9b0459.json,"In the input, you should see...Change position for every grid. The output grid size...Change position for every grid. To make the output, you have to...change position for every grid..",0,1
3c9b0459.json,"In the input, you should see...3by3 grid The output grid size...remains the same To make the output, you have to...reflect the grid",0,1
3c9b0459.json,"In the input, you should see...pattern rectangle The output grid size...turn twice To make the output, you have to...turn color block",0,1
3de23699.json,"In the input, you should see...a shape of one color surrounded by 4 single squares of another color. The output grid size...will be the same size as the inside of the single 4 squares in the input grid. To make the output, you have to...use the color of the single 4 boxes and replicate the shapes from the input grid.",1,1
3de23699.json,"In the input, you should see...four colored squares that look like the corners of a box. Within this box is a shape colored with a different color. The background is black. The output grid size...should be the size of what is inside the square made by the four colored squares. Copy everything inside. To make the output, you have to...change the color of the colored shape to the color of the four corner squares.",0,0
3e980e27.json,"In the input, you should see...black background, and red blocks and, or green blocks surround by other color blocks. The output grid size...stays the same. To make the output, you have to...copy the input. For the green blocks that have nothing around them, make the same placement of blocks around them as the green block from the input that has blocks around it. If there are red blocks with nothing around them in the end result you want to make them be a mirrored image of the input red block, making the colors around the red block go in the opposite direction in on the horizontal.",1,1
3e980e27.json,"In the input, you should see...a few red and green pixels. One green pixel and one red pixel will have other color pixels around them. The output grid size...the same size as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...copy the placement and color of the pixels surrounding the red or green pixels that are not alone to the pixels that are alone. If the pixel is green the placement and color of the surrounding pixels should be the same as the surrounded green pixel. This should be applied to all solo green pixels. The same should be done with the red pixels, but the placement of the surrounding pixels should be mirrored horizontally.",1,1
3e980e27.json,"In the input, you should see...some red and blue pixels. One green and/or one red pixel will have blue or yellow pixels around them. The output grid size...is the same size as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...copy original pixels. If the single pixel is green, copy the color and pattern of pixels from the surrounded green pixel. For the single red pixels, do the same, but the placement of the surrounding pixels should be mirrored horizontally from the original.",0,1
3eda0437.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with black, blue and gray squares. The output grid size...is the same size as the input. To make the output, you have to...find in the input the biggest square or rectangle that can be created with only black boxes. Then make that box area in the output pink instead of black.",3,4
3eda0437.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with black, blue, and gray squares. The output grid size...is similar. To make the output, you have to...examine the grid, find the black squares that will allow for a symmetrical shape of either a square or rectangle, and color those squares pink.",0,1
3f7978a0.json,"In the input, you should see...two gray lines with blue squares on the top and bottom of each. The output grid size... will only be as big as the gray lines with their blue ends, with all the squares that are in between them. (If you see two gray lines that are 3 squares long, and there is 3 spaces of black space between the two lines, your grid would be 5x5: Make sure to include the blue ends of each gray line in your size calculation. To make the output, you have to...recreate the position of the black space and any blue squares that are between your gray lines. The four corners of your output will be the blue ends of the gray lines in the input. Make sure that the exact amount of black space between the two lines matches the input, and the placement of any blue squares in the black space also matches the exact location in the input. Your output grid should be no bigger on top/bottom or left/right of the blue squares at the end of each gray line.",2,2
3f7978a0.json,"In the input, you should see... A random pattern of grey and light blue tiles The output grid size... changes based on the size of the central pattern in the input grid To make the output, you have to... IDENTIFY the ""central"" pattern in the input grid. This is includes the two grey columns with light blue tiles at the top, AND EVERYTHING in-between those two columns. Create an output grid size to match the size of the central pattern, and fill it with that pattern. It's like taking a part of the input grid and enlarging it onto the output grid.",1,1
3f7978a0.json,"In the input, you should see...A random pattern of grey and light blue tiles The output grid size...changes based on the size of the central pattern in the input grid To make the output, you have to...IDENTIFY the ""central"" pattern in the input grid. This is includes the two grey columns with light blue tiles at the top, AND EVERYTHING in-between those two columns. Create an output grid size to match the size of the central pattern, and fill it with that pattern. It's like taking a part of the input grid and enlarging it onto the output grid.",1,1
3f7978a0.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with some light blue squares and some gray squares The output grid size...is the same size as the four light blue squares that form a quadrant shape of either a rectangle or a square To make the output, you have to...identify the four light blue squares that form a quadrant shape of either a rectangle or a square and then replicate everything inside that shape using the same light blue, gray and black colors.",1,3
3f7978a0.json,"In the input, you should see...grey pattern move to the edge The output grid size...change the grid size in to the corner To make the output, you have to...move along the same size",0,2
40853293.json,"In the input, you should see...squares that have similar colors The output grid size...same grid size To make the output, you have to...join the lines, red with red, green with green and the same with the other colors, lines cross each other but up to down lines are on top.",5,5
40853293.json,"In the input, you should see...squares of different colors The output grid size...same size To make the output, you have to...connect similar colors with that color.  where they overlap you should use the vertical color",1,2
4093f84a.json,"In the input, you should see...gray rows with some other colored boxes in the grid. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...first copy the gray rows or columns exactly. Now imagine that the non-gray boxes are attracted to the gray rows like magnets. Move the non-gray boxes until they are touching the gray rows. Now, every box should be touching the gray rows. The last step is to change all of the non-gray boxes to be gray. The final result should be only gray boxes, all of them connected by the original gray rows/columns.",1,3
4093f84a.json,"In the input, you should see...gray rows with other colored boxes on the grid The output grid size... same as the input grid To make the output, you have to...copy the gray itself.  Imagine the non-gray boxes are attracted to the gray columns/row like magnets.  so change the non-gray boxes to gray and remove the difference between so that each  now gray box is touching the central row.",0,2
41e4d17e.json,"In the input, you should see... one or more 4x4 outline of squares. The output grid size...stay the same To make the output, you have to... Copy the grid. color each of the centers of the outlined squares pink. Continue creating a pink line vertically up and down from this pink center cell. DO NOT color the dark Blue outline. Create a pink horizontal line left and right from the pink center cell. DO NOT color the dark Blue outline. Do this for all outlined squares. you should be done.",1,1
41e4d17e.json,"In the input, you should see...a light blue grid with blue square borders. The output grid size...the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...find the center of each square and add a magenta pixel to its center.  From that magenta pixel draw a line from each side of it (up, down, left, right) going straight to the border of the entire grid.  Each magenta line must reach the border of the square.  The magenta lines are allowed to cross over each other.",0,3
41e4d17e.json,"In the input, you should see...a light blue grid with blue square borders. The output grid size...the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...find the center of each square and add a magenta pixel to its center. From that magenta pixel draw a line from each side of it (up, down, left, right) going straight to the border of the entire grid. Each magenta line must reach the border of the grid but the lines may NOT override the blue border of the square. The magenta lines are allowed to cross over each other.",0,2
41e4d17e.json,"In the input, you should see...a 15x15 light blue grid, containing one or more darker blue shapes. The output grid size...stays the same To make the output, you have to...locate the center of each darker blue shape. Draw a horizontal and a vertical line in magenta, through the exact center of each shape.",0,0
4258a5f9.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with a number of grey boxes The output grid size...is the same as input To make the output, you have to...surround each of the grey boxes with a blue border",3,3
4258a5f9.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with a number of grey boxes The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...surround each grey box with blue",1,1
4258a5f9.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid the a number of grey boxes The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...surround each of the grey boxes with a 3x3 blue border",1,1
4290ef0e.json,"In the input, you should see... various bright colors, shapes, and corners of various size The output grid size... match the biggest square/corner. If you only see two corners, the output grid will always be a square for this. To make the output, you have to... copy the background color and place all of the shapes in order of size within each other. Square will be in the center, box around that, then corners until all shapes fit exactly in the size of the grid. Keep all shapes their original color.",1,2
4290ef0e.json,"In the input, you should see...various outlines of different size and color. The output grid size...large enough to contain the large outlines. To make the output, you have to...place the outlines inside each other so the big one contain all others within it, leave the background the same color.",0,1
4290ef0e.json,"In the input, you should see...three different shapes, all different colors. The output grid size...changes to the size of the most large shape. To make the output, you have to...put all the shapes inside one another from the most large to the most small, and keep the colors the same.",0,0
4290ef0e.json,"In the input, you should see...many different colored blocks that are all in different square shapes that are not completely filled out. The output grid size...should match the bigger square outline. To make the output, you have to...place the square outlines from large to small within each other. The square spaces that are not filled should remain the same as the background square colors.",0,0
42a50994.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with colored pixels scattered. Some of the pixels are touching other pixels {on sides/or corners} while some are singletons, not touching any pixels The output grid size...The output grid size does not change. It is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...copy the input grid, identify which pixels are connected or touching any other and change background colors of single pixels to the background color or black. Done",1,1
42a50994.json,"In the input, you should see...grids of colored pixels scattered. Some of the pixels are connected. some are alone. The output grid size...same as the input To make the output, you have to...remove all the single pixels",1,1
42a50994.json,"In the input, you should see... s a grid with few colored patterns The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size To make the output, you have to...find the single colored dots that  have not connect with others. you have to remove the dots that is not  connected with others and leave it as black.",1,1
42a50994.json,"In the input, you should see... A grid with colored pixels scattered.  Some of the pixels are touching other pixels (sides and/or corners) and some are singletons, not touching any other pixels. The output grid size... The output is the same size as the input. To make the output, you have to...  copy the input grid.  Identify which pixels are connected or touching another pixel and which are singletons not touching any other.  Change the color of each singleton pixel to the color of the background. Done.",1,1
4347f46a.json,"In the input, you should see...colored rectangular shapes on a black background The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size To make the output, you have to...replace all colored blocks inside the rectangular shapes with black so there is only a colored outline of the shapes",3,3
4347f46a.json,"In the input, you should see... different colored squares The output grid size...same size To make the output, you have to...make black squares in the square",1,1
4347f46a.json,"In the input, you should see...different color squares with a black background The output grid size...stay the same To make the output, you have to...remove the center of the blocks with black and have a single block wide line for each square.",1,1
444801d8.json,"In the input, you should see...fill single complete grid The output grid size...In the input, you should see...fill single complete grid To make the output, you have to...In the input, you should see...fill single complete grid",1,3
444801d8.json,"In the input, you should see...corresponding The output grid size...fill the color To make the output, you have to...same color change",0,1
445eab21.json,"In the input, you should see...A grid with 2 square patterns The output grid size...is 2x2 To make the output, you have to...fill the entire 2x2 grid with the same color of the biggest square pattern that is in the original.",2,2
445eab21.json,"In the input, you should see... grid The output grid size...you will  order the size To make the output, you have to...fill with the color",0,1
445eab21.json,"In the input, you should see... a grid with a pattern The output grid size... 2x2 changed from a grid input of 10x10 To make the output, you have to... fill the 2x2 grid with the color of the bottom most pattern on the input grid",0,0
447fd412.json,"In the input, you should see...a shape composed of pixels in the upper portion of the grid and other pixels lower in the grid The output grid size... is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...  First copy the input grid.  Look at the lone upper shape, add colored pixels to the pixels lower in the grid such that they are of the same shape and color, even if they have to be proportionally larger or smaller, than the shape in the upper part of the field.",0,2
447fd412.json,"In the input, you should see...two different colors. You will also see one complete pattern. The output grid size...will be the same as input To make the output, you have to...If you have the same amount of other colored squares, simply copy the pattern. If you have more other color squares, copy the pattern but be sure to fill in more space",0,2
447fd412.json,"In the input, you should see...some colored patterns. the top pattern is the reference The output grid size...is not changed To make the output, you have to...add blue color fill to the red blocks to reproduce the upper shape. Leave the red blocks the same size. The new shape can be a different size.",0,1
44d8ac46.json,"In the input, you should see...gray objects with the black area inside. The output grid size...should be the same as the input To make the output, you have to...fill the black area within the gray with red if it is a square; otherwise, leave it alone.",1,1
44d8ac46.json,"In the input, you should see... big gray squares with some black spaces inside The output grid size... remains the same as input To make the output, you have to... if the big gray squares have a perfect black square within it, color it red. Perfect squares are such as 1x1, 2x2, 3x3.",0,1
44d8ac46.json,"In the input, you should see...gray objects in a black area The output grid size...same size and gray objects are in the same position so just copy the input over To make the output, you have to...fill in the holes with orange that are perfect squares only. Do not fill in rectangles or L shapes",0,0
44f52bb0.json,"In the input, you should see...3x3 grid The output grid size...1x1 grid To make the output, you have to...if input has 3 or 4 red tiles output is orange. if in put has 2, 5, or 6 red tiles output is blue.",1,1
44f52bb0.json,"In the input, you should see....a 3x3 grid with black and pink squares. There colors are the same for each input grid but the site of the colors are different. The output grid size...a 1x1 grid To make the output, you have to....fill in the first, second and last with blue and fill in the other three with yellow.",0,1
44f52bb0.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 grid with black and pink squares.  There colors are the same for each input grid but the site of the colors are different. The output grid size...a 1x1 grid. To make the output, you have to...fill in the first, second and last with blue and fill in the other three with yellow.",0,1
44f52bb0.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern of pink and black The output grid size...change to one square To make the output, you have to...change it to either blue or orange",0,0
4522001f.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 grid with a 2x2 green square in one corner with a red square The output grid size... is 9x9 To make the output, you have to...make grid 9x9. Note the diagonal that the red square is in in the input. The green square in the diagonal will indicate which corner in the output you should put a 4x4 green square in the output. The red square indicates which corner another 4x4 green square will touch it your new square in the output grid. So you will have two green 4x4 squares touching each other  corner to corner.",2,2
4522001f.json,"In the input, you should see... a 3x3 grid with a 2x2 green square in one corner. The innermost cell of the green square is red. The output grid size... is 9x9. To make the output, you have to... make the output grid 9x9 and make the grid black. Then, make a 4x4 green grid in the output in the same corner as the green square in the input. Then, make another 4x4 green square that is only touching the corner of the 4x4 square.",0,1
4612dd53.json,"In the input, you should see...A pattern with missing color in some squares The output grid size...Copy the grid size To make the output, you have to...Fill in the black squares with red",2,3
4612dd53.json,"In the input, you should see... pattern in blue. The output grid size... stay the same. To make the output, you have to... draw input but fill black edge with red to make a particular border.",0,1
4612dd53.json,"In the input, you should see...a blue pattern on a black background. This pattern represents a rectangle (or two rectangles sharing a side), but is missing some blue that would form the sides of the rectangle(s). The output grid size...is the same To make the output, you have to...reconnect the sides of the rectangle(s). Use red to fill in the missing pieces of the sides in a straight line, rebuilding the rectangle(s). You should end up with one or two rectangles.",0,0
46442a0e.json,"In the input, you should see...You will see a quadrant with a lot of colored pixels. The output grid size...is the quadruple of its original size. If the quadrant is composed of 4x4 pixels, then its size will be 8x8. If it is composed of 2x2 pixels, then its size will be 4x4 pixels... To make the output, you have to...You have to follow the same pattern, but rotate it 180 degrees clockwise, and copy the result throughout the quadrant until you have final it. Every time you copy the result, you have to keep turn it.",1,1
46442a0e.json,"In the input, you should see... A grid with colored pixels. The output grid size...  Is twice as large as the input, so a 2x2 becomes 4x4 and a 3x3 becomes 6x6 and so on. To make the output, you have to...  Create a grid twice the size of the input.  Divide the output grid into 4 quadrants.  Replicate the input grid pixels in the upper right quad.  In the upper left quad, place the input grid that's been rotated clockwise 90 degrees.  In the lower right quad, place the input grid colored pixels that has been rotated 180 degrees.  In the lower left quad place a copy of the input grid that's been rotated 90 degrees COUNTER-CLOCKWISE.  Done.",0,2
469497ad.json,"In the input, you should see...a 5x5 grid with a 2x2 square of one color and the left and bottom edges filled with squares of various colors. The output grid size... is determined by the number of colors in the input grid. The output grid should be the dimensions of the input grid multiplied by the number of colors. To make the output, you have to...taking the same input grid and blowing it up by the same factor you increased the grid size by. The square and the colored borders should increase in size or thickness by the same factor as you increased the grid. Finally you should go to each corner of the square and add a diagonal line of red squares that will radiate out from the corners until they reach a corner or one of the colored borders.",0,2
469497ad.json,"In the input, you should see... a colored square with colorful borders on the right and bottom side of the black 5x5 grid background. The output grid size...the numbers of colors on the black background multiplied by 5 To make the output, you have to... create the output grid, first identify how many colors there are on the black background, and multiply the number of colors by 5. So if you have 3 different colors, your grid will be 15x15 and if you have 2 different colors, your grid will be 10x10, and so on. Then multiply the colored square and the border by the number of colors and copy it onto the output grid so it will look like the input grid but in larger size.Finally, draw diagonal red lines out from each corner of the colored square to the edge of the black background.",0,2
469497ad.json,"In the input, you should see...a 5x5 grid with a row of colored blocks on the bottom and on the right. There is also a group of 4 same-colored blocks separate from the colored edges. The output grid size...is determined by the number of colors on the grid (black is not counted) multiplied by 5. For example, a grid with 4 colors would result in a 20x20 output grid. To make the output, you have to...recreate the input pattern in the larger output grid. For the border, the number of colors on the grid determines how many rows. So, a grid with 4 colors would have 4 rows on the bottom and 4 on the right, For the separate colored block multiply the number of colors by 2 in order to determine its size. So, a grid with 4 colors would mean the block would be 8x8. Finally, make a row of red squares extending from each corner of the separate block and ending at either the colored border or the edge of the grid.",0,1
469497ad.json,"In the input, you should see...a 5x5 grid with a 2x2 grid square surrounded that is surrounded by black and the bottom and right edges filled with colored squares. The output grid size...the height and width is 5 multiplied by the number of unique colors (except black). To make the output, you have to...fill in the grids with each colors so that it looks exactly like the input even though the out put will have a larger grid size. Then look at the colored square that is surrounded by black, and extend a diagonal red line from its corner all the way until it reaches the grid boundary or the colored border.",0,0
469497ad.json,"In the input, you should see... a 5x5 grid with a 2x2 square and a border made up of some number of other colors. The output grid size... is different depending on the number of colors in the right and bottom border of the input. If there is one color, the output is 10x10, if there are two colors the output is 15x15 and if there are 3 colors the output is 20x20. To make the output, you have to... recreate the input but make it take up the whole, larger grid. So if the grid is now 10x10 and the input is 5x5, the 2x2 colored square should now be 4x4. If the grid is now 15x15, the square should be 6x6. If the grid is now 20x20 the square should be 8x8. The same is true of the border; if the border on the bottom and right is 1 color, it should become 2 squares thick in the output grid. If it is 2 colors it should become 3 squares thick and if it is 3 colors it should become 4 squares thick. If you took away the grid lines, the output would look just like the input except for the following extra change.As the final step, draw red diagonal lines coming out from each corner of the colored square until they reach the colored border or the edge of the grid.",0,0
46f33fce.json,"In the input, you should see...Multiple colors on the black background The output grid size...Multiply by four. To make the output, you have to...fill the same color by 4x4 grid size.",0,2
46f33fce.json,"In the input, you should see...Single and distinct colored squares across the grid. The output grid size...double that of the input. To make the output, you have to...keep the squares in there same location based on the lower left corner. double there size, keep same color.",0,2
46f33fce.json,"In the input, you should see...single colored squares throughout the grid. The output grid size...doubles in size To make the output, you have to...for each color square you change them to a 4x4 block of that color.  You will remove black squares in between them so that when you have the 4x4 colors, the colors will be touching.  The colors should also start by touching the outside of the grid.",0,1
46f33fce.json,"In the input, you should see... Single and distinct colored squares across the grid. The output grid size...increase  factor in the width and height for each distinct row or column that is occupies a square. To make the output, you have to...For each single square, 15 more squares will appear around the original to form a 4x4 square shape of the same color.",0,0
47c1f68c.json,"In the input, you should see... A colored cross that divides the grid into 4 smaller grids. In the top left smaller grid you should see a shape. The output grid size... subtract 1 from each side. 4x4 becomes 3x3 To make the output, you have to... Think of the new grid like the old grid with the divider removed. recreate the shape from the smaller top left grid of the input in the same color as the divider from the input. Mirror the shape in each of the remaining three quadrants along the x and y axis. for a total of 4 shapes in the same color. you are done.",1,1
484b58aa.json,"In the input, you should see...executive The output grid size...assume To make the output, you have to...share",1,4
484b58aa.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern with black blocks in some spaces The output grid size...is the same To make the output, you have to...follow the pattern and fill in the black blocks so the whole grid is the patterns",0,1
484b58aa.json,"In the input, you should see...a background pattern that is not black. The output grid size...remains the same To make the output, you have to...change all of the black areas to the colors in the background and match the background pattern.",0,1
48d8fb45.json,"In the input, you should see...a 10x10 grid with different areas colored. One of those areas includes a grey square. The output grid size...is 3x3 To make the output, you have to...repeat the colored area that includes a grey square, but do not include the gray square.",1,1
48d8fb45.json,"In the input, you should see... a same grid with different areas colored. One of those areas includes a grey square. The output grid size... is 3x3 grid. To make the output, you have to... repeat the colored area that includes a grey square, but don't include the grey square.",1,1
48d8fb45.json,"In the input, you should see...same pattern The output grid size...same pattern To make the output, you have to...same pattern",0,1
48d8fb45.json,"In the input, you should see...same pattern The output grid size...same pattern To make the output, you have to...same pattern",0,1
4938f0c2.json,"In the input, you should see...a design pattern The output grid size... is similar To make the output, you have to...correlate the design until you have a pattern on all 4 corners of the cube",3,6
4938f0c2.json,"In the input, you should see...a green cube consisting of four green squares in the middle, surrounded by either one, two, three, or four red square designs on a black tile background. The output grid size...is similar. To make the output, you have to...use the same red design to create a symmetrical design surrounding the green cube. The red design should hit all four corners, the same as the first (second or third) design. If there are already four designs present, then simply copy the entire grid and do not change anything.",0,1
496994bd.json,"In the input, you should see... a black shape with two colored lines on one end The output grid size... is the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid and then mirror the colored lines on the other end of the grid.",7,7
496994bd.json,"In the input, you should see... a pattern of two colors on the top of the grid. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... mirror the top pattern below.",2,3
49d1d64f.json,"In the input, you should see...the grid size. The input grid size is the center size for output grid. The output grid size...should be input size with one more grid is 3x3 change into 5x5 , 2x2 change into 4x4 like 2x3 change into 4x5 To make the output, you have to...make input pattern as center for output and colors should be same. The adjacent colors are also same .  all four corner colors should be black",3,3
49d1d64f.json,"In the input, you should see...colored blocks The output grid size...add two blocks to height and width. To make the output, you have to...use the color from the input corner to make 4x4 blocks of the same colors in the corresponding corner of the output. Use colors in the middle outside blocks of the input grid to create 1x2 or 2x1 blocks in the corresponding middle outside space in the output. Black out each corner block of the output grid. If the output is not even in its number of blocks in height and width, black out the center of the grid.",0,1
4be741c5.json,"In the input, you should see...areas of 3 or 4 colors. The output grid size...correspond with the vertical or horizontal orientation and the number of colors. For example, if there are 3 colors and they are separated horizontally, then the output would be a horizonal bar with 3 squares. To make the output, you have to...Take the first color, vertically or horizontally, then fill that color in the corresponding square in the output. Then the second and third...",1,2
4be741c5.json,"In the input, you should see...horizontal or vertical areas of different colors. The output grid size...is one block for each different color either from left to right or top to bottom depending on how the colors change. To make the output, you have to...fill each block left to right or top to bottom with each new color",0,1
4c4377d9.json,"In the input, you should see...grid of 3x4 with 2 colors. The output grid size...changes to 4x6 To make the output, you have to...copy the pattern as you see it on the bottom half of the grid into 3x4.  Once done, flip the pattern up to the top half of the 3x4 grid.",3,3
4c4377d9.json,"In the input, you should see...two different colors of blocks. The output grid size...should be 6x4. To make the output, you have to...you should use the input grid blocks and also mirror them to complete the output grid.",0,1
4c5c2cf0.json,"In the input, you should see...a cube shaped x with a separate color shape extending diagonally from one corner. The output grid size... is the same grid as the input. To make the output, you have to... add shapes to the remaining 3 corners of the cube shaped x. Mirror the separate shape and add it diagonally to adjacent corners of the cube shaped x. That should give you three corners with extending shapes. For the caddy corner, or furthest corner, or last blank corner, rotate the separate shape 180 degrees and add it diagonally to the cube shaped x. You should end up with a pattern that is identical when slicing in half vertically or horizontally, but not when slicing in half diagonally.",1,1
4c5c2cf0.json,"In the input, you should see...a colored x shape with another colored shape at one of its corners. The output grid size...is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...mirror the shape at the corner of the x to the other corners of the x so that the x is surrounded by the corner shape.",0,1
50846271.json,"In the input, you should see... grey and red shapes on black field The output grid size... same as the input field To make the output, you have to... imagine that each red shape is 5 cell wide line and 5 cell tall lines. Fill in each of the missing red cell of the shape with light blue to complete the 5x5 shapes.",2,4
50846271.json,"In the input, you should see...a lot of black and gray squares with 1-3 red patterns in different places throughout the grid The output grid size...should be the same size as the input grid To make the output, you have to... keep everything the same, but add blue squares around the red squares in order to create a row vertically and a row side to side that are overlapping and of the same range.",0,1
508bd3b6.json,"In the input, you should see...two to three red bars on either the top, bottom, left or right side and two to three light blue squares. The output grid size...is the same. To make the output, you have to...you have to continue the direction the light blue squares are going until it reaches whatever the red spot it touches. Then it bounces off that spot and goes in that direction. Think of Pong. The line will always be diagonal, reach an edge of the grid and green except for the starting two or three spaces that are light blue.",3,4
508bd3b6.json,"In the input, you should see...variety of blocks The output grid size... change the color To make the output, you have to...finally fill the color and join",0,1
50cb2852.json,"In the input, you should see...colored areas The output grid size...the same To make the output, you have to...color the inside of each colored area with light blue.  Leave the outside of the colored shapes the example color one cube deep all the way around.",3,4
50cb2852.json,"In the input, you should see...several shapes of different colors The output grid size...is the same as input grid size To make the output, you have to...fill the shapes in with light blue colors but leave the cubes on the edge the same color as the input grid",0,1
50cb2852.json,"In the input, you should see... some shapes. The output grid size... is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to... fill the inside of each shape with light blue squares.",0,0
5117e062.json,"In the input, you should see...different shapes, one of which contain a light blue dot. The output grid size...must match the size of the shape with the blue dot. To make the output, you have to...copy the shape with the light blue dot but replace the light blue dot with the shape color.",4,4
5117e062.json,"In the input, you should see...a light blue dot surrounded by another color block The output grid size...is the same as the color block surrounding the light blue dot To make the output, you have to...replace the light blue color with the color that surround it.",1,2
5168d44c.json,"In the input, you should see...A green 'track' line with a red 3x3 block on top of one of the 'tracks'. The output grid size...same as input To make the output, you have to...If the pattern is vertical, move the red 3x3 block down one 'track'. If the pattern is horizontal, move the red 3x3 block one 'track' to the right. In both instances, only the location of the red blocks should change",1,1
5168d44c.json,"In the input, you should see... green and red color squares on black. The output grid size... remains the same. To make the output, you have to...if the green is horizontal move the red square two spaces left and  add some green to maintain the pattern. If it is vertical move it two spaces down and same with the green pattern.",0,0
5168d44c.json,"In the input, you should see... alternating row of green and black blocks across grid, red square of blocks surrounding one green. The output grid size... stays the same To make the output, you have to... move the red square of blocks two spaces, so it surrounds the next green square.",0,0
539a4f51.json,"In the input, you should see...A vertical/horizontal pattern in differing colors. The output grid size...10x10 To make the output, you have to...replicate the pattern in the input box and continue repeating until all the boxes in your 10x10 grid have a color in them (no black around the outside edge). You're making the exact pattern, but miniaturized and repeating. Depending upon input, your pattern will repeat 2-6 times.",1,1
539a4f51.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern that is extending from a single-colored square shape. The output grid size...becomes larger- double the grid size of the input. To make the output, you have to...first, recognize for the input that any section in BLACK is just left-over grid space and is NOT part of the pattern.Start with the central square-shape and copy the pattern block-by-block. Keep extending the pattern, repeating it the entire grid is filled. For each section the same color as the central square-shape, the thickness is the same as the width of the square.Whatever color the central center-square is, same color patterns as the center-square should also have the same thickness as the width of the center-square (in boxes). (Example: 4x4 blue center-square = blue patterns should be 4 boxes wide)",0,1
539a4f51.json,"In the input, you should see...a vertical/horizontal pattern in different color patterns The output grid size...is 10x10 To make the output, you have to...repeat the pattern in the input box and continue repeating until all boxes in your 10x10 grid is colored in. Do not repeat the black color - instead replace it with next color in the pattern.",0,1
53b68214.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern on the black The output grid size...10x10 To make the output, you have to...copy the input pattern to the original place and then continue the pattern (using the same color) in the new added 4x10 area.",2,3
53b68214.json,"In the input, you should see...a certain color pattern on the black background The output grid size...is 10x10 To make the output, you have to...Copy the input pattern exactly and then just continue the pattern (using the same color) till you reach the end. It is just a continuation of the original.",1,2
543a7ed5.json,"In the input, you should see...a light blue grid with pink boxes that may contain at least one open space. The output grid size...is similar. To make the output, you have to...fill the inside of the pink boxes with yellow and outline each pink box with green.",3,3
543a7ed5.json,"In the input, you should see... a light blue grid with pink squares The output grid size... is the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Then, color any open space inside of the pink squares. Then, draw a green line around each of the pink shape.",0,0
543a7ed5.json,"In the input, you should see... pink squares on a blue background. The output grid size... is the same size To make the output, you have to... outline any pink figure with green. Fill in blue inside pink figure with yellow.",0,0
54d82841.json,"In the input, you should see...one or two shapes with a piece out of the middle bottom. The output grid size... remains the same. To make the output, you have to... add a yellow square at the bottom where if the shape or shapes fall they will land on the yellow square.",2,3
54d82841.json,"In the input, you should see...one or two colored 3x3 shapes with the bottom middle colored black. The output grid size...is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...add a yellow block on the bottom row of the grid under the black block in the colored shape/shapes.",1,4
54d9e175.json,"In the input, you should see...33x3 squares with gray lines between them The output grid size...is the same size as the input grid To make the output, you have to...replace all 3x3 squares with a specific color. The color to replace is below:Green to Light BlueBlue to PurpleYellow to Dark RedRed to Orange",2,2
54d9e175.json,"In the input, you should see....Individual color boxes within black boxes with grey boxes between them The output grid size...is the same as input To make the output, you have to... replace green by light blue, dark blue by purple, yellow by red, red by orange colors and replace black boxes with the same color in the center",0,1
5521c0d9.json,"In the input, you should see...three colored objects. The output grid size...is  the same. To make the output, you have to...decide how many rows the object has and move it up that same amount of rows.",1,1
5521c0d9.json,"In the input, you should see...three colored objects The output grid size...same grid size as input To make the output, you have to...count how many rows each object contains and move it up that same amount of rows",0,1
5582e5ca.json,"In the input, you should see... a three by three grid with many different colors The output grid size... is the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to... determine which color is used the most in the input grid and make the entire grid that color",5,5
5582e5ca.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 grid with different colors in each square The output grid size...is the same. To make the output, you have to...determine what color is used the most in the input grid and make the entire output grid that color.",1,1
5582e5ca.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 grid with five different colors in the squares. The output grid size...is the same. To make the output, you have to...determine which color is used for the majority of the squares in the input grid, then use that color for the entire output grid.",1,1
5614dbcf.json,"In the input, you should see...a series of colored squares with random gray little squares included. The output grid size...is reduced to 3x3 grid. To make the output, you have to...changed the colored squares in the input grid to a single square of the grid. So that an input grid 3x3 colored square is turned into a single filled square of the same color on the input grid. the same color",4,6
5614dbcf.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid of large colored squares with random gray single squares. The output grid size...reduced to a 3x3 grid. To make the output, you have to...see the pattern of large colored squares made with smaller squares. Ignore the single gray squares. Each large colored square made of many small squares should be a single square on the output grid.",0,0
56dc2b01.json,"In the input, you should see...a green pattern on a black grid with a red line on the other side The output grid size...is the same To make the output, you have to...take the input green pattern and put it next to(if grid is horizontal) or above/below(if grid is vertical) the red line. then put a LIGHT blue line parallel to the red line creating a box around the green pattern.  Make sure the green pattern is touching both lines but not going over them.  The green pattern should be on the side of the red line that it is in the input.",1,1
56dc2b01.json,"In the input, you should see...a solid red line and a green pattern. The output grid size...does not change. To make the output, you have to...move the green pattern against the red line, then add a blue line against the green pattern parallel with the red line.",1,1
56dc2b01.json,"In the input, you should see...a solid red line and a green pattern The output grid size...does not change To make the output, you have to...move the green pattern against the red line, then add a blue line against the green pattern parallel with the red line",1,1
56dc2b01.json,"In the input, you should see...a solid red line and a green pattern. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size To make the output, you have to...move the green pattern against the red line, then add a blue line against the green pattern parallel with the red line",1,1
56dc2b01.json,"In the input, you should see...one red line and a pattern in green The output grid size...the same size To make the output, you have to...copy the green pattern and past it not pass the red line, like move the green pattern to the red line but do not cross the red line, then on the other side of the green pattern add another blue line with the same size and direction of red line to block the green pattern.",0,1
56dc2b01.json,"In the input, you should see...a green pattern and a red line on a black background. The output grid size... should be the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...move the green pattern to be right next to the red line while staying the same exact pattern, then make a light blue line on the other side of the pattern the same way the red line is.",0,1
56ff96f3.json,"In the input, you should see...one or more pairs of same colors The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...take the colored as the starting and end point of the rectangle or square assume that the grid make rectangle or square",2,2
56ff96f3.json,"In the input, you should see... one or more pairs of same colored squares in the grid with two of each color The output grid size... is the same as the input To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Then fill in black squares to create  rectangles where the single squares are now two of the four corners. If there is more than one color create different rectangles for each color.",0,1
56ff96f3.json,"In the input, you should see...2 dots of either the same or different colors The output grid size...is the same size as the input grid To make the output, you have to...between 2 dots of the same color, fill in the black dots with that same color.",0,0
57aa92db.json,"In the input, you should see... 1 or 2 rectangular 2-color objects, and another 2-color object with a unique shape. All objects share one of their colors. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Then, ""apply"" the unique object's shape to the rectangular shape. Use the color that all the objects have in common to figure out the size. If the unique object has 1 block of the shared color, and the rectangular object has a 2x2 block of the shared color, then you will have to double the size of the shape to ""fit"" it to the rectangular shape. Each shape should maintain its color scheme.",0,1
57aa92db.json,"In the input, you should see...1 complete unique shape object and 2 incomplete object with multi color The output grid size...is the same as the input grid to make the output you have to copy the input grid then complete the shape of the object To make the output, you have to...use the unique shaped grids and fill the incomplete with the unique shape",0,0
57aa92db.json,"In the input, you should see...23 shapes, grids with the same color to form a T, grids with the same color to form a U and the same for a square but with single or multiple grids to form a shape.. The output grid size...does not change. To make the output, you have to...use the square shaped grids and replicate it with the T and U by not minimizing the square to the size of the T and the U but rather on its original size and the number of used grids, but by ignoring the common color in the shape T or U and the square shaped grids.",0,0
57aa92db.json,"In the input, you should see... two or three shapes, one of which is bigger, and at least one that's is a T,   or U shape. The output grid size...does not change. To make the output, you have to...recreate the full shapes, the T,   or U, in the same direction it's facing. The single space in a given image will be the same as you recreate each shape and nothing moves. So if the single space is blue, the rest of the colors in the shapes will be the other color. You just create the shape from around what's given to you in that spot.",0,0
5ad4f10b.json,"In the input, you should see...black background with colored pattern and another color 2 single squares The output grid size... Will be 3x3 To make the output, you have to...take the color pattern and move to new grid with color 2. The output pattern will be a smaller than the input.",1,4
5ad4f10b.json,"In the input, you should see... the pattern which once already exist in pattern two. The output grid size... is the result of the exist one in pattern two. To make the output, you have to... make yellow in the middle and the others as black.",0,2
5bd6f4ac.json,"In the input, you should see... you should see a large grid with many colored blocks The output grid size...becomes much smaller To make the output, you have to...you only want the top right corner - the top third and right third of the grid",2,2
5bd6f4ac.json,"In the input, you should see... more number of colored box The output grid size... three row and three coloum To make the output, you have to...color the only top right color",1,2
5bd6f4ac.json,"In the input, you should see...different colored squares The output grid size... 3 into 3 To make the output, you have to...color the boxes in the corner",0,1
5c0a986e.json,"In the input, you should see...two 2x2 boxes, one red and one blue The output grid size...same as the input size To make the output, you have to...use the color blue to extend a 1x1 length of pixels northwest of the 2x2 blue box until there is no more room left. Then extend a 1x1 length of pixels southeast from the 2x2 red box until there is no more room left.",1,2
5c0a986e.json,"In the input, you should see...two boxes, one red and one blue, that are 2x2 The output grid size...same as input To make the output, you have to...create a single line of boxes matching the color of the 2x2 box. Begin with the top left corner of the blue and the bottom right of the red and go out to the edge of the grid.",0,2
5c0a986e.json,"In the input, you should see...two 2x2 boxes red and blue The output grid size...same as the input To make the output, you have to...create single line of boxes starting from the top left corner of the blue box all the way to the edge, same with red but starting at the bottom right",0,0
5c0a986e.json,"In the input, you should see...two 2x2 boxes, one red and one blue The output grid size...same as the input size To make the output, you have to...use the color blue to extend a 1x1 length of pixels northwest of the 2x2 blue box until there is no more room left. Then extend a 1x1 length of pixels southeast from the 2x2 red box until there is no more room left.",0,0
5c0a986e.json,"In the input, you should see...two boxes, one red and one blue The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...add blue squares to the blue box diagonally from the top left until it reaches the side. For the red box, you have to add red squares from the bottom right box until it reaches the side.",0,0
5c2c9af4.json,"In the input, you should see... three dots of one color The output grid size... copy and paste the input To make the output, you have to... use the two outer dots to form a square around the dot in the middle, then continue making squares surrounding the last square you created until you can not make any more (do not stop when you can not get an entire square inside the black background, even if you have enough room to make one line and the rest of the square would be outside of the black background then make that line). The amount of black space between each box should be the same width as the first square you created (so if the first box width of 2, make them all a width of 2)",1,2
5daaa586.json,"In the input, you should see...four colored lines that form either a square or rectangular shape in the middle of the black background with colored squares in it. The output grid size...is the same as the size of the square or rectangle shape in the middle of the black background that is formed by the four colored lines. To make the output, you have to...change the grid size to just the square or rectangle formed by the four colored lines. Then look at the random dots in the middle of the square or rectangle. Find the colored border that matches the color of the dots, using that color, you will connect each dot to that border in a straight line. You should have 3 to four straight lines touching the matching border.",1,3
5daaa586.json,"In the input, you should see...four colored lines that form a square or rectangular shape. The output grid size...is the size of this square created by the four lines To make the output, you have to...copy the inner square or rectangular shape to the input then fill in the middle from the color line that match the pixels already there, to the colored pixel. This can be up, down, left, or right, start from the colored edge and fill in to the pixel with the same color.",0,2
5daaa586.json,"In the input, you should see...four colored lines that form either a square or rectangular shape in the middle of the black background with colored squares in it. The output grid size...is the same as the size of the square or rectangle shape in the middle of the black background that is form by the four colored lines. To make the output, you have to... copy the middle square or rectangle from the large black background complete with the colored lines that form the borders of the shape, and then copy the colored squares in it. Then find the border that match the color of the squares and draw vertical or horizontal lines from the colored square in the middle to the colored border with same color.",0,1
60b61512.json,"In the input, you should see... a grid containing a couple abstract shapes. The output grid size... is the same as the input To make the output, you have to... keep the shapes in the same place, but fill the gaps in the shape with the color orange until they form squares",2,2
60b61512.json,"In the input, you should see...a 9x9 grid The output grid size...remains the same. To make the output, you have to...complete the squares using the color orange.",1,2
6150a2bd.json,"In the input, you should see... a black grid with a colored shape The output grid size... is the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to... rotate the whole grid two times. Imagine that the entire grid has been flipped vertically and horizontally.",1,1
6150a2bd.json,"In the input, you should see...a small black grid with a multicolored shape in it. The output grid size...is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...imagine that the entire grid has been flipped both horizontally and vertically. Once you picture that you can create the output grid.",1,1
6150a2bd.json,"In the input, you should see...a small black grid with a multicolored shape in it. The output grid size....is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...imagine that the entire grid has been flipped both horizontally and vertically. Once you picture it, you can create the output grid.",1,2
623ea044.json,"In the input, you should see...one colored square on a black background The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...add squares of the same color as the original square such that each added square extends diagonally in 4 directions from each corner of the original square until each line extending from the original square reaches a side or a corner of the grid. The diagonal lines will form an X pattern that may have one of more long arms or legs",1,1
623ea044.json,"In the input, you should see...one colored box The output grid size...same as input To make the output, you have to...add the same colored box on all four corners to form an X. Continue out from those boxes in a straight line to form a cross or t shape.",1,3
623ea044.json,"In the input, you should see...one colored square on a black background The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...start at the colored square and add a same colored square to make a x shape for the whole square",0,1
623ea044.json,"In the input, you should see...one colored square The output grid size...same as input To make the output, you have to...add squares on each of the four corners of the square all the way to the edge in the same color, should look like a sword",0,0
62c24649.json,"In the input, you should see... a 3x3 grid with red blue and green colors. The output grid size...is 6x6 To make the output, you have to...place the input grid in the top left 3x3. Then, reflect the top left 3x3 and place it in the top right 3x3. Now, reflect the top left and right 3x3 and place in the bottom left and right 3x3.",2,2
62c24649.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 grid with red, blue, black and green boxes. The output grid size...will be 6x6 so it can hold four 3x3 grids within it. To make the output, you have to...place the original 3x3 grid in the upper left corner. Then the 3 remaining corners are simply mirrors of the original box pattern.",0,2
63613498.json,"In the input, you should see... a number of colored shapes including one with a grey border around it. The output grid size... is the same as the input size. To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Find any shapes outside of the border which are exactly the same shape and orientation as the shape inside of the grey border. Turn that shape grey. Do not change the colored shape inside the grey border or any shapes outside of the grey border which do not have the same orientation and shape as the one inside the border.",1,1
63613498.json,"In the input, you should see...many color patterns, different size and different shape The output grid size...the same size To make the output, you have to...from the right column to left get the first pattern, if there is no same color pattern then change its color to grey, otherwise pass it and keep check on form right to left column.",0,1
63613498.json,"In the input, you should see...a bunch of shapes of various shapes and a shape in the top left enclosed in a box. The output grid size...should be the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...find the shape closest to a corner that isn't the top left corner. Color that shape the same color as the box in the top left.",0,0
6430c8c4.json,"In the input, you should see...one 9x4 grid separated into two grids with a yellow set of horizontal boxes. The output grid size...is the size of one of the two section, 4x4. To make the output, you have to...put the two section over top of each other. Then you have to look at each block.  A block that does not have any of the pattern from the old blocks is colored green.  Any block that has pattern from either of the first blocks is colored black.",1,1
6430c8c4.json,"In the input, you should see...orange, yellow, and red pixels in different shapes. The output grid size...is smaller. Make it 4x4. To make the output, you have to...only use the 4x4 grid that is at the top of the input grid where only the orange pixels are. Fill in the black pixels with green. Then change all the orange pixels to black. Then look at the bottom 4x4 grid of the input where the red pixels are. Make any green pixel in your output black if there is a red pixel where there is a green one.",0,0
6455b5f5.json,"In the input, you should see... a number of red lines which create smaller black shapes The output grid size... is the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to... fill the largest black shape with dark blue. Fill the smallest black shape with light blue. If there is more than one shape with the smallest number of squares, fill all of the smallest shapes with light blue.",3,3
6455b5f5.json,"In the input, you should see...vertical or horizontal lines of red squares. The output grid size... is same as input size. To make the output, you have to...fill in the large black square shape with blue, make sure to fill only the small black squares. Then fill in the smallest black square shape with light blue. If there is more than one small black square shape that is the same size then then fill them also with light blue.",1,1
6455b5f5.json,"In the input, you should see...a large empty space with small empty squares The output grid size...no change To make the output, you have to...flood fill large empty space dark blue.  Smallest space need light blue",0,1
662c240a.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with green/red on top, a grid with grey/blue on top, a grid with light blue/yellow on top or a grid with dark red/light blue on top The output grid size...the output is now 3x3 To make the output, you have to...depending on which top you have you will make that 3x3 square. Green/red top, make over the blue/light blue 3x3 area. Grey/blue top, make the green/pink 3x3 area. Light blue/yellow on top, make the light blue/yellow 3x3 area. dark red/light blue top, make the yellow/green 3x3 area.",1,1
662c240a.json,"In the input, you should see...three 3x3 grid portion on top of each other. The output grid size...is 3x3 or one third the size of the input. To make the output, you have to...start mimicking one 3x3 grid in the output. Try the 3x3 grid at the top first. If that does not work, try the second 3x3 grid in the middle. If that does not work, try the last one on the bottom.",1,1
662c240a.json,"In the input, you should see... very well The output grid size... by changing the numbers To make the output, you have to... read the instructions",1,1
662c240a.json,"In the input, you should see...A grid 3 wide and 9 high. The output grid size...is a 3x3. To make the output, you have to.... think of the input as three 3x3 boxes.  Copy the one on top and check if it is correct, if not try making a copy of the second 3x3 in the middle of the input grid and if that doesn't work, try a copy of the bottom 3x3 from the input grid.",0,1
662c240a.json,"In the input, you should see...large grid color. The output grid size...is large. To make the output, you have to...make it large.",0,1
662c240a.json,"In the input, you should see...large grid color. The output grid size...is large. To make the output, you have to...make it large.",0,0
662c240a.json,"In the input, you should see...a vertical grid with two different colors in each square of blocks The output grid size...is a square with a length and width of three which is the same size as one the squares of two different colors in the input grid To make the output, you have to...copy the colors of the three by three square blocks composed of two colors from the input grid which does not have blocks of the same color touching on just a corner diagonally but have blocks of the same color touch on at least one side",0,0
67385a82.json,"In the input, you should see... black background with green colored blocks The output grid size... copy the input grid To make the output, you have to... any green colored blocks that are more than 2 connected blocks (1x2, 2x1, 2x2, or other shapes) should be changed to light blue.",2,3
67385a82.json,"In the input, you should see...a 5 by 6 grid The output grid size...should be the same To make the output, you have to...change so that the top left corner color changes to light blue instead of green. same with lower green 2by 2 grid",0,1
673ef223.json,"In the input, you should see...2 red lines and 1 to 4 blue dots The output grid size...stay the same To make the output, you have to...change the dot color from blue to yellow, and connect them to the red line using blue dots. Mirror the same design on the bottom but instead of stopping where the yellow dots WOULD be, continue to the edge of the grid.",1,1
673ef223.json,"In the input, you should see...two red base on each side with some light blue dots. The output grid size...is the same as input grid. To make the output, you have to...copy the input grid and for the top red base, colored the blocks from red base to light blue block with light blue. Then change the top light blue block to yellow. For the bottom red side base, color the same color rows as the top with light blue to the full row",0,1
673ef223.json,"In the input, you should see...blue squares and red squares in a black background. The output grid size...Remains the same. To make the output, you have to... replace blue squares with yellow squares and let the blue squares run from yellow squares to the red squares, while at the bottom use pattern from above to run from red squares through the width of the entire grid.",0,1
673ef223.json,"In the input, you should see...two red rectangle shapes on a black background, one on the left side and one on the right side. There is a number (one or many) light blue boxes located away from the top red rectangle. The output grid size...the same To make the output, you have to...on the top shape, draw lines using light blue to connect the original light blue boxes to the red rectangle. Then, you will turn each original blue rectangle to yellow. On the bottom shape, you will mirror what you did on the top shape, except extend the lines all the way to the edge of the grid. You do not use any yellow on the bottom shape.",0,0
6773b310.json,"In the input, you should see...A 3 high and 3 wide square with 9 square sections, each with pink squares The output grid size...Reduce the grid size so that one square is available for each group. Each 3 by 3 should need a single square. To make the output, you have to...For each section that hold 2 pink squares, represent that area with a blue box on the new grid. Single squares are shown as black.",1,1
6773b310.json,"In the input, you should see...three 3x3 squares with type pink grid The output grid size... 3x3 grid size To make the output, you have to...fill blue color where 3x3 grid have 2 pink grid",1,1
6773b310.json,"In the input, you should see...pink squares The output grid size...reduce grid To make the output, you have to...successfully",1,2
67a3c6ac.json,"In the input, you should see...a complex color pattern The output grid size...stay the same as the input To make the output, you have to...create a left/ right mirror image of the input",2,2
67a3c6ac.json,"In the input, you should see...a wild pattern of colors The output grid size...same as input To make the output, you have to...create a right to left mirror image.",1,2
67a423a3.json,"In the input, you should see... two intersecting lines of different colors The output grid size... is identical to the input grid. To make the output, you have to... surround the middle point of the intersection with a 3x3 yellow border, leaving the central block in its original color.",2,2
67a423a3.json,"In the input, you should see...two different color lines that cross. The output grid size...stays the same. To make the output, you have to...create a yellow square around the point where the two lines meet.",1,1
67a423a3.json,"In the input, you should see... two different color lines intersecting. The output grid size... the same size as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... draw a 3x3 square around the point that the lines intersect (but make sure the exact point they meet stays the original color (for instance, if it is a red line crossing over a green line, draw a 3x3 square surrounding the point they cross over, but make sure the red point is still visible).",0,1
67e8384a.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3 x 3 grid The output grid size...6 x 6 grid To make the output, you have to...copy-paste the pattern in each corner.  The pattern on the bottoms flips parallel to the top.",1,4
67e8384a.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 grid The output grid size...6x6 grid To make the output, you have to... copy-paste the pattern in each corner. the pattern on the bottoms flips parallel to the top",1,2
67e8384a.json,"In the input, you should see...You will see a 3x3 grid with many colored pixels. The output grid size...make the grid size 6x6 To make the output, you have to...You have to copy and paste the original grid and rotate it 90 degrees clockwise until you complete the grid.",0,0
681b3aeb.json,"In the input, you should see...two colored section on a black background The output grid size...should be 3x3 To make the output, you have to...piece the two shapes together to form a rectangular section",1,1
681b3aeb.json,"In the input, you should see...On the black background, two different colored patterns. The output grid size...make it 3x3 To make the output, you have to...place the two colored patterns so they form a rectangular pattern.",1,1
681b3aeb.json,"In the input, you should see...two colored shapes. The output grid size...a small 3x3 grid. To make the output, you have to...Place the shapes together in the 3x3 grid so they form a square.",1,1
681b3aeb.json,"In the input, you should see...two colored shapes against a black grid. The output grid size...should be 3x3. To make the output, you have to...place both shapes together until they form a 3x3 square.",1,1
681b3aeb.json,"In the input, you should see...two colored shapes on a black background The output grid size...should be 3x3 To make the output, you have to...fit the the two colored shapes together to form a square.",1,1
6855a6e4.json,"In the input, you should see...correctly choosed The output grid size...totally To make the output, you have to...output grid perfectly",1,1
6855a6e4.json,"In the input, you should see...two parallel red brackets with a gray shape outside of each bracket. The gray shapes are both different in nature. The output grid size...remains the same as the input grid size To make the output, you have to...leave the red brackets as they are. The gray shapes will move from outside the brackets to in between the brackets. Imagine pulling the gray shape by the edge closest to the bracket and placing that edge four columns over inside the brackets. Then, flip the gray object over like you would flip over a playing card. What you have may result in the two gray shapes now touching, or they may have space between them. There should be one column of black between the red bracket and its correlating gray shape.",0,1
6855a6e4.json,"In the input, you should see...two lengths of the same colored pixels that form brackets. You will also see two shapes outside of the brackets. The output grid size...should be the same size as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...copy the input grid. the two shapes must move to inside the brackets. They must be inside the brackets so that there is a black line of pixels between the shapes and the brackets. The shapes must also be flipped vertically.",0,0
68b16354.json,"In the input, you should see...many squares of various colors The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size To make the output, you have to...flip the input grid vertically",2,2
68b16354.json,"In the input, you should see... a grid of random colored dots. The output grid size... is the same as the original. To make the output, you have to... flip the original grid vertically.",0,1
694f12f3.json,"In the input, you should see...color pattern 10x10 The output grid size...should be same as input grid size To make the output, you have to...fill the pattern by red and blue color surrounded by same color, the one with most internal block should be filled with red color",1,1
694f12f3.json,"In the input, you should see...the color grids. The output grid size...same as input grid size To make the output, you have to...copy and paste the same input grid with same yellow color grid. In the yellow color color the center part by either blue or red. If the center part small mean color by blue or color by red.",0,2
694f12f3.json,"In the input, you should see...a 10x10 grid The output grid size...should remain the same To make the output, you have to...fill in the shapes with red and blue. The one with the most internal blocks, should be red.",0,1
694f12f3.json,"In the input, you should see...two yellow color objects The output grid size...is same as given To make the output, you have to...fill red color inside the biggest one, and blue color inside the smallest one, the outside layer should be in the color of yellow",0,1
6a1e5592.json,"In the input, you should see... a red shape at the top and smaller gray shapes below The output grid size... is the same as the output grid To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Then move each gray shape up into the space where it fits best into the red shape. Finally turn all of the gray shapes dark blue.",2,2
6a1e5592.json,"In the input, you should see...gray shapes at the bottom edge corresponding with empty space in the field at the top. The output grid size...the same. To make the output, you have to...draw the shapes in dark blue to fill the empty black squares at the top, then color the gray squares black.",0,2
6a1e5592.json,"In the input, you should see... a red ""ground"" at the top of the grid and some gray item below. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... the item fill the ground like piece from a well-know game, and the item become dark blue.",0,2
6aa20dc0.json,"In the input, you should see... 3x3 grid and many colored grid. The output grid size... as same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... see the small 3x3 grid and do a same grid colors for the another two grids.",0,2
6aa20dc0.json,"In the input, you should see... 2 or 3 clusters of colored boxes, one of which is a ""fully colored""  3x3 box The output grid size...will be the same as the input To make the output, you have to...""color in"" the clusters to make them similar, although maybe rotated to the fully formed object. These clusters may be of different sizes, but they will be dimensionally similar, even if rotated.",0,1
6aa20dc0.json,"In the input, you should see...there are 1 unique object and 2 incomplete objects The output grid size...will be same as the input to make the output you have to fill the color as same as the 1 unique object to the 2 incomplete objects To make the output, you have to...color the grid as per the shape of unique shape",0,0
6aa20dc0.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 grid consisting of three colors (excluding the background color) and at least one other cluster of squares that have two of the colors of the 3x3 grid. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size To make the output, you have to...leave the background the same color and use the 3x3 grid as a reference to fill in the third color between the other cluster to complete the pattern seen in the 3x3 grid.",0,0
6aa20dc0.json,"In the input, you should see... one small shape made up of three colors, as well as several other smaller square shapes, either single blocks or 2x2 blocks. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Find the object made of 3 colors and use this as your key - do not make any changes to this shape, but realize that this is your example shape. You then have to recreate that shape using the other single blocks as your starting point. Fill in the missing color to connect blocks so that they make the same shape as the example shape. The result might be flipped or rotated. If you see any 2x2 squares then you should still create the example shape but make it twice as big.",0,0
6b9890af.json,"In the input, you should see...a large red square and a smaller object of a different color. The output grid size...is identical to the red square. To make the output, you have to...fill in the red square with the other colored object.",1,2
6b9890af.json,"In the input, you should see...color that make grid The output grid size...should be color grid size. To make the output, you have to...create color grid size and make the design pattern within the grid",0,1
6c434453.json,"In the input, you should see...a black background with blue squares, crosses, lines, or L-shapes. The output grid size...remains the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...substitute all the blue squares with red crosses. All other shapes (including the existing blue crosses) remain the same in the output grid.",4,6
6c434453.json,"In the input, you should see...black background with red closed and open patterns The output grid size...same as the input To make the output, you have to...replace closed patterns with red sign with black corners",0,1
6cdd2623.json,"In the input, you should see...a black background with a bunch of colored squares on it. You should also notice that only one of the colors has 4 squares. The output grid size...is the same size as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...draw two lines connecting both pairs of colored squares, all the way across the grid, same color as the squares (for instance, if you noticed that you have 4 green squares on the input, on the output connect the ones on top and bottom edge of the grid with a green line, and the ones on left and right edge of the grid with a green line). If both sets of squares are on the top/bottom or left/right, connect the lines across the grid, not along the edge (in other words, do not connect the two left squares or two top squares. Always connect the line to the opposite square). All other squares on your grid that are not your lines should be black.",3,5
6cdd2623.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid of colored squares where four on the edge are the only four squares of a single color The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...you have to...only join the four squares on the edge to the square on the other side. The rest of the grid is black.",0,1
6cdd2623.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid of colored squares where four on the edge are the only four squares of a single color The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...only join the four squares on the edge to the square on the other side. The rest of the grid is black.",0,1
6cdd2623.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with three different color squares on some sections of the grid. The output grid size...is the same size as the input grid To make the output, you have to...identify the four squares, all the same color, that are mirror image of each other on the grid and then fill in either a horizontal and vertical line, or two horizontal lines or two vertical lines of the same color.",0,1
6cf79266.json,"In the input, you should see... a grid filled randomly with a certain color and a black background. The output grid size... remains the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... FOR EACH identifiable 3x3 black grid within the random pattern, MAKE a 3x3 dark blue square if APPLICABLE and POSSIBLE",3,3
6cf79266.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with two colors of randomly patterned blocks. Within the grid you will see some black 3x3 grids that are solid black. The output grid size...stays the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...Change all the black 3x3 grids to blue in the output grid.",3,4
6d0160f0.json,"In the input, you should see...9 squares created by lines of grey The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size To make the output, you have to...take the 3x3 area with a yellow square and move it into a 3x3 area corresponding to where the yellow square is within the 9 squares. Then make all other squares within the other 9 squares black and any grey squares within the 9 squares black. The lines of grey stay.",1,1
6d0160f0.json,"In the input, you should see...9 squares, each measuring 3x3 which are created by grey lines that form a hashtag The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size To make the output, you have to...find the only 3x3 grid in the input that contains a yellow square. Make each of the 9 3x3 grids all black, then copy and paste the grid with the yellow square into the 3x3 grid that corresponds to the 3x3 grid square that the yellow square is in. So if the yellow square is in the middle square in the grid, copy that entire grid into the middle 3x3 grid. Finally, change any grey squares inside the grid to black.",0,1
6d0aefbc.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3 by 3 grid The output grid size...changes to 3 by 6 To make the output, you have to...copy the grid and reflect it on the other half.",1,1
6d0aefbc.json,"In the input, you should see... a 3 by 3 grid. The output grid size...changes to 3 by 6 To make the output, you have to... copy the grid and reflect on the other half",1,1
6d0aefbc.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 grid The output grid size...a 3x6 grid To make the output, you have to...copy the pattern and flip it to the other side",0,0
6d58a25d.json,"In the input, you should see... a shape like the head of an arrow surrounded by black with single blocks of a different color randomly spaced around the outside of the grid. The output grid size... remains the same To make the output, you have to... Using the color of the random blocks around the outside, make a row straight down from the arrow head figure to meet any colored blocks below, extending the new row to the end of the grid",2,4
6d58a25d.json,"In the input, you should see...an up point shape with different colored squares around it. The output grid size...remains the same. To make the output, you have to...make vertical line under the point shape ONLY where there is a square under it, with the same color of the square and draw it down to the bottom.",0,2
6d58a25d.json,"In the input, you should see...an large shape and cubes of a different color The output grid size...stay the same To make the output, you have to...make vertical lines from the first empty block under the large shape to the very end only on the grid that have a colored block existing already  under the large area.  The color should be the same as the small cubes already there.",0,0
6d75e8bb.json,"In the input, you should see...a large section of the same color The output grid size...is the same size To make the output, you have to...fill in the area of the large section with red to make a rectangular section. Background remain the same color",2,4
6d75e8bb.json,"In the input, you should see...a black background with a portion filled in with light blue. The output grid size...the same as the input To make the output, you have to...make the blue are a complete rectangle, except you fill in the missing squares with red. The black background remains the same.",0,1
6e02f1e3.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 grid that may have between 1 and 3 colors. The output grid size...it stays the same. To make the output, you have to...place 3 grey boxes in various spots based on how many colors there are in the input grid. If there is one color, put 3 grey boxes on the top of the grid. If there are two colors, place a diagonal line of grey boxes form top left to bottom right. If there are 3 colors, place a diagonal line of grey boxes going from bottom left to top right.",1,1
6e02f1e3.json,"In the input, you should see... a 3x3 grid of 1-3 colors. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to... place 3 gray pixels based on how many colors are in the grid. If it is one color place 3 gray pixels along the top of the grid. If there are two colors make a diagonal line from the top left to the bottom right. If there are three colors make a diagonal line from the top right to the bottom left.",1,1
6e02f1e3.json,"In the input, you should see...an image with 1 to 3 colors The output grid size...stays the same To make the output, you have to...make a black and gray pattern depending on the number of colors in the input.  Start with an all black grid.  If there is one color, make the top 3 squares gray.  If there are two colors, make a diagonal line from top left to bottom right gray, again 3 pixels.  If there are three colors, make a diagonal line from top right to bottom left gray, again 3 pixels.",1,1
6e02f1e3.json,"In the input, you should see...A 3 x 3 grid of color squares. The output grid size...Copy the input grid To make the output, you have to...When three colors are present make a grey diagonal line from top right to bottom left.  If there are two colors make a grey diagonal line from top left to bottom right.  If there is one color make a grey line across the top three blocks.",1,1
6e19193c.json,"In the input, you should see...two L-shapes The output grid size...is the same size as the input To make the output, you have to...from the center of the L-shapes color in squares diagonal different from the L-shape point direction and the first square you draw should be black and the others will be the same color as the shape.",0,3
6e19193c.json,"In the input, you should see...two L-shaped areas consisting of three cubes, all the same color. The output grid size...remains the same. To make the output, you have to...fill in a diagonal line starting from the center of L-shape (except for the first cube on the inside of the L) that continues until the edge of the grid, in the same color as the input grid.",0,2
6e19193c.json,"In the input, you should see...two L-shaped areas consisting of three cubes, All the same color The output grid size...is the same size as the input To make the output, you have to....fill a diagonal line starting from the center of L-shaped that continues until the edge of the grid, in the same color as the input grid",0,2
6e19193c.json,"In the input, you should see...shapes that are like arrow tips. The output grid size...stays the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...look at the arrow tip shape and notice the black square that if filled in, would make the shape a solid square. Leave this square black. Find the next diagonal square after this one. Fill it in with the original shape color and continue doing this with the next diagonal square until you reach the edge. Do it with all of the arrow tips. Now they should all look like arrows.",0,1
6e19193c.json,"In the input, you should see... two L-shaped areas consisting of three cubes of the same color The output grid size... is the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Look at the black square that if filled would turn one of the colored shapes into a square. Leave that square black, but move one square diagonal from the black square and change that square to the same color as the shape. Continue to fill move diagonal and fill every square with the same color until you reach the end of the grid. Repeat the same thing for the other colored shape.",0,0
6e82a1ae.json,"In the input, you should see... the grey shapes The output grid size...same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...count the 4 grid shape and color it with blue in the output and follow the same for 2 grid with green and 3 grid with red.",2,2
6e82a1ae.json,"In the input, you should see...gray blocks in a group of 2, 3, or 4. The output grid size...will remain the same. To make the output, you have to...change a group of 2 blocks from gray to green, change a group of 3 blocks from gray to red, change a group of 4 blocks from gray to blue.",0,1
6ecd11f4.json,"In the input, you should see...a small multi colored grid and a larger rectangle of that is one color plus BLACK The output grid size...the same as the small multi colored grid To make the output, you have to...replicate the smaller grid. Change the colors to black where they are black in the larger rectangle",1,1
6ecd11f4.json,"In the input, you should see...a large rectangular pattern and a small rectangular pattern The output grid size...is the size of the small rectangular pattern To make the output, you have to...reproduce the small rectangular pattern then reproduce the black pattern from the large rectangular area onto the small rectangular area",0,1
6ecd11f4.json,"In the input, you should see...A large grid with a large pattern of the same color, and a small pattern with many colors. The output grid size...The size of the grid is the size of the smaller pattern with many colors. To make the output, you have to...make the shape of the larger pattern, but use the colors of the smaller pattern.",0,1
6f8cd79b.json,"In the input, you should see...  A black grid The output grid size...Same as the input grid To make the output, you have to...You should create light blue border around the black grid.",1,1
6f8cd79b.json,"In the input, you should see...black grid The output grid size...the same size To make the output, you have to...use light blue color to draw the border of the grid with only one cell as width",1,1
6f8cd79b.json,"In the input, you should see... A black grid The output grid size... remains the same as the input grid size. To make the output, you have to... Create a light blue border around the grid. So, any tiles that are touching the edges are filled in with light blue. The rest of the tiles remain black.",1,1
6f8cd79b.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid The output grid size...remains the same as the input grid size To make the output, you have to...create a light blue border around the grid. So, any squares that are touching the edges are filled in with light blue. The rest of the squares inside the light blue border remain black.",1,1
6f8cd79b.json,"In the input, you should see... a black grid. The output grid size... should be the same as the input. To make the output, you have to... make a blue shape around the outside of the entire grid. The center squares should be black but the blue shape should go all the way around the perimeter of the grid.",0,0
6fa7a44f.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 pattern. The output grid size...is 3x6 vertical grid. To make the output, you have to...place the input grid in the top 3x3 space and create a mirror image in the bottom 3x3 space.",2,2
6fa7a44f.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 pattern grid. The output grid size...should be 3x6 grid. To make the output, you have to...mirror the exact pattern of the 3x3 grid at the bottom.",0,1
72322fa7.json,"In the input, you should see... shapes (exemplars) composed of colored pixels and nonconnected pixels (singletons) The output grid size... it's the same as the original. To make the output, you have to...  Copy the input grid.  Add colored pixels to the singletons such that they copy the exemplars.",1,3
72322fa7.json,"In the input, you should see... colored shapes in a black grid and some single colored squares. The output grid size...should be the same as the original. To make the output, you have to...copy the shapes from in the input into the output. Then you must add colored squares around the single squares to finish the shapes so that they match the complete shapes in the grid.",0,1
72322fa7.json,"In the input, you should see...colored squares with shapes around some of them. The output grid size...is the same as the original. To make the output, you have to...form the corresponding pattern around every like-colored square, so that every colored square of the same color has the same pattern around it.",0,0
72ca375d.json,"In the input, you should see...several different shapes on a large grid The output grid size...is the size of one of the shapes by itself To make the output, you have to...copy one of the shapes by itself and keep the black squares if there are any",1,1
72ca375d.json,"In the input, you should see...several figures on a big grid The output grid size...is the same size as one of the figures, zooming in To make the output, you have to...copy one of the figures and just that figure",1,2
72ca375d.json,"In the input, you should see...several figures on a big grid. The output grid size...is the same size as one of the figures, zooming in To make the output, you have to...copy one of the figures and just that figure.",1,2
73251a56.json,"In the input, you should see...change the color The output grid size...size change of grid To make the output, you have to...follow the instruction",0,1
7447852a.json,"In the input, you should see... a black background with a red zig-zag pattern. The output grid size... is the same as the original. To make the output, you have to... fill in every third triangle with yellow, starting at the lower-left: yellow, black, black, yellow...",1,2
7447852a.json,"In the input, you should see...red pattern in black background The output grid size...is the same as the old one To make the output, you have to...fill  black parts with yellow color and leave two blocks between them, start fill the lower part from the left, then upper part two blocks away",0,2
7447852a.json,"In the input, you should see... a red v-pattern that create black spaces. The output grid size... is the same as the input size To make the output, you have to... Fill the first black space from the left with yellow. Continuing right, skip two black spaces and fill the next with yellow. Keep going until you reach the edge of the grid.",0,1
7468f01a.json,"In the input, you should see...a colored object with another colored object in it. The output grid size...is the size of the large colored object To make the output, you have to...copy the large colored object with smaller colored object in it. Then mirror the small colored object left to right.",1,1
7468f01a.json,"In the input, you should see...a colored shape in a black background. The output grid size...The grid size is same as the colored shape. To make the output, you have to...The output is the colored shape inverted to the side.",1,1
7468f01a.json,"In the input, you should see... a large object with a black background and inside smaller objects The output grid size... is the size of the large object To make the output, you have to...flips the smaller objects to 180 degrees",0,1
7468f01a.json,"In the input, you should see...a colored object with a black background. The output grid size...be the size of the colored object. To make the output, you have to...copy and mirror the colored object.",0,1
746b3537.json,"In the input, you should see...good sections The output grid size...grid size change to correctly To make the output, you have to...output pattern set",1,1
746b3537.json,"In the input, you should see...sections with a color pattern The output grid size...enough space for each color in the design To make the output, you have to....keep the pattern but only keep one set",0,1
74dd1130.json,"In the input, you should see...2 or 3 colors with a gray squares The output grid size...remains the same To make the output, you have to...rotate it 90 degree clockwise and mirror the result",2,2
74dd1130.json,"In the input, you should see...2 or three colors with a gray squares The output grid size...remains the same To make the output, you have to... mirror the pattern and focus the pattern around to the left",0,1
74dd1130.json,"In the input, you should see...two or more color squares on a gray background. The output grid size...remains the same To make the output, you have to...move the entire grid on the diagonal and mirror it. Imagine the top right and pull it down and to the left.",0,0
75b8110e.json,"In the input, you should see... a 8x8 grid with a black background and 4 distinct quadrants.The top left quadrant should have a yellow pattern, the top right quadrant should have a gray pattern, the bottom left should have a pink pattern, the bottom right should have a brown pattern. The output grid size... becomes 4x4. To make the output, you have to... resize the output grid to 4x4. Copy the top-left (yellow) pattern. Then, superimpose the bottom-right (brown) pattern on top. Then, superimpose the bottom-left pattern (pink) on top. Then, superimpose the top-right (gray) pattern on top.",1,1
75b8110e.json,"In the input, you should see...an  8x8 grid with a black background and 4 distinct quadrants. The top left quadrant shows a yellow pattern, the top right quadrant shows a gray pattern, the bottom left shows a pink pattern, the bottom right shows a brown pattern. The output grid size...becomes 4x4 To make the output, you have to...Copy the top-left (yellow) pattern. Then, place the bottom-right (brown) pattern on top. Then, place the bottom-left pattern (pink) on top. Then, place the top-right (gray) pattern on top. Imagine the black squares are transparent, so every time you superimpose each pattern the one below can be seen through the black squares.",0,1
75b8110e.json,"In the input, you should see...a 8x8 grid with a black background and 4 distinct quadrants. The top left quadrant should have a yellow pattern, the top right quadrant should have a grey pattern, the bottom left should have a pink pattern, the bottom right should have a brown pattern. The output grid size...becomes 4x4 To make the output, you have to...resize the output grid to 4x4. Copy the top-left (yellow) pattern.  Then, superimpose the bottom-right (brown) pattern on top.  Then, superimpose the bottom-left pattern (pink) on top.  Then, superimpose the top-right (gray) pattern on top.",0,1
760b3cac.json,"In the input, you should see...two colored objects, one above the other. The output grid size...is identical. To make the output, you have to...create a mirror image of the top shape and place it to the side of that shape.",1,1
760b3cac.json,"In the input, you should see...In the input you will see a yellow shape and a blue shape in a black background. The output grid size...The size remains the same. To make the output, you have to...The blue shape is made where the long arm of the yellow shape is facing.",0,1
760b3cac.json,"In the input, you should see...6x9 grid with a blue figure on top of a yellow figure. The yellow figure is always the same shape but its tallest point may be on the left or right. The output grid size...same as the input grid size To make the output, you have to...mirror the blue figure based on which side the tallest point of the yellow shape is on.",0,0
776ffc46.json,"In the input, you should see...shapes surrounded by a complete gray border The output grid size...stays the same To make the output, you have to...change the color of the shape or shapes that match the shape inside the complete gray border so that they are the same color. That is the color of the shape that is identical in size to the one in the gray, will change to the same color as the one in the gray.",1,2
776ffc46.json,"In the input, you should see...various shapes with some that are surrounded by a complete gray border or an incomplete gray border. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to...copy all shapes over to output including the gray borders.  Change the colors of the same shapes that are in the gray border to the same color as the one in the gray border.",0,2
77fdfe62.json,"In the input, you should see... light blue square surrounded by a dark blue border with colored squares in each far corner. The output grid size... changes to the size of the interior light blue square To make the output, you have to... zoom in to the light blue square and change the light blue squares to the color or the exterior corner color that they are closest to.",2,2
77fdfe62.json,"In the input, you should see...different colors on each corner The output grid size...is the same size as the middle grid To make the output, you have to...use the 4 colors from the corner to make the middle pattern",0,2
780d0b14.json,"In the input, you should see...several different colors The output grid size...that can contain one square of each color To make the output, you have to...put each color in one square that match their position in the big picture",1,1
780d0b14.json,"In the input, you should see...The similar of colors. The output grid size...with the same size as input grid To make the output, you have to...An Output Grid",0,1
780d0b14.json,"In the input, you should see...in a black background, different colored patterns. The output grid size...number of the colors in the original. Shape should mirror the original. Do not consider black background color. To make the output, you have to...fill out the new grid with the colors as the original.",0,1
7837ac64.json,"In the input, you should see...color grid which make square box The output grid size...should be 3x3 To make the output, you have to...fill the each grid by see the input grid which make square with corner colors.rest all grid color are black",0,3
7837ac64.json,"In the input, you should see...color grid which make of square box. The output grid size...is 3x3 To make the output, you have to...see four same color corners as one same color grid and color the grid with the corner color",0,2
7837ac64.json,"In the input, you should see... black grid surrounded by light blue like x,y lines, some light blue color have different color make square The output grid size...3x3 grid size To make the output, you have to...fill the same color make square by four corners",0,2
794b24be.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 grid with between 1 to 4 blue squares in it. The output grid size...is the same size as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...count the number of blue squares in the input. You will need this same number of squares in the output, but the new squares will become red and will be relocated in the following order until you have used the same number of squares that you counted; First red square goes in top left; second red square (if any) goes if top middle; third red square (if any) goes in top right and fourth red square (if any) goes in middle of grid.",3,5
794b24be.json,"In the input, you should see...some colored blocks on the grid. The output grid size...is the same size as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...change the color of the blocks and move them all to the top of the grid and start filling in the blocks from left to right keeping the same number of blocks from the original grid.",0,1
7b6016b9.json,"In the input, you should see... a shape on a black background The output grid size...is the same. To make the output, you have to...keep the shape color the same. Fill any areas contained within the shape red and flood the black background with green.",1,1
7b6016b9.json,"In the input, you should see... a colored grid all the same color with lines one block wide The output grid size... the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to... fill in all holes with red and fill the outside with green",1,1
7b6016b9.json,"In the input, you should see...yellow intersecting lines on a black grid The output grid size... is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...fill all region that have been surrounded with yellow lines in red.",0,1
7b7f7511.json,"In the input, you should see...colored squares The output grid size...half the input. Cut the long way in half. To make the output, you have to...copy one half of the input.",1,1
7b7f7511.json,"In the input, you should see...colored squares. The output grid size...will be half of the input. To make the output, you have to...copy one half of the input.",1,1
7b7f7511.json,"In the input, you should see...colored squares. The output grid size...half the size of the input. To make the output, you have to...get rid off one half of the input, may it be right, left or bottom half.",1,1
7b7f7511.json,"In the input, you should see...colored squares with a pattern The output grid size... is half of the input To make the output, you have to...cut the grid in half to take away one of the patterns and leave one of the patterns",1,1
7c008303.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with one light blue row and column. There is a one-colored design in one area and a multi-colored 2x2 grid in another area. The output grid size...will be 6x6. To make the output, you have to...fill in the entire grid with black. You then need to use each of the colors from the 2x2 grid to make the same design as the green design shown in the input grid. The colors must be in the same area shown in the 2x2 area. Each area will be a 3x3 grid, so there are a total of 4 3x3 grids. If the upper right square in the input pair is pink, then the design in the upper right 3x3 grid should be pink. Repeat the color blocks for the other 3x3 areas.",2,4
7c008303.json,"In the input, you should see... a 9x9 grid with a light blue cross dividing the input into 4 sections. One section will be 2x2 with many colors, call this section A. Another section will be 6x6 with only green and black, call this section B. The output grid size... is 6x6. To make the output, you have to... resize the output grid to 6x6. Copy and paste all of section B (not including the light blue cross divider) into your output grid. Then, recolor the green part of the upper-left 3x3 of your output grid to match the color of the upper-left square of section A. Repeat this for each ""quadrant"" of your output, making the color match the color of the corresponding corner of section A.",0,1
7ddcd7ec.json,"In the input, you should see...a center block with two edges going out The output grid size...is the same To make the output, you have to...continue the single block diagonally to the edge with the same color",1,1
7ddcd7ec.json,"In the input, you should see...original pattern The output grid size...copy the input size To make the output, you have to...follow the instruction",0,1
7ddcd7ec.json,"In the input, you should see...a square with some of its corner having a single grid extending from the squares corner. The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...locate any grids that extend from the corner of the square and continue extending it diagonally all the way until it reaches the border of the grid.",0,1
7ddcd7ec.json,"In the input, you should see... a black grid with a 4 by 4 colored square that has two small squares on its corners. The output grid size...stays the same. To make the output, you have to...add more squares of the same color to create a diagonal line from the small squares to the edge of the grid.",0,0
7ddcd7ec.json,"In the input, you should see... A square that with one square off the top right and left down. The output grid size... stay the same. To make the output, you have to... keep on create square toward edge.",0,0
7df24a62.json,"In the input, you should see...a 23x23 grid with a black background. There will also be random yellow boxes scattered around. Some of the yellow boxes will be surrounded with blue boxes. The output grid size...23x23 To make the output, you have to...copy and paste the exact same grid. Find all instances of the pattern that is surrounded in blue. Everywhere on the grid where there is the exact yellow pattern, surround it with blue. So, on all sides of the yellow boxes (in the same pattern) will be blue boxes (exactly as shown in the yellow/blue pattern).",2,2
7df24a62.json,"In the input, you should see...a 23x23 grid with a black background.  There will also be random yellow boxes scattered around.  Some of the yellow boxes will be surrounded with blue boxes. The output grid size...23x23 To make the output, you have to....To make the output, you have to...copy and paste the exact same grid.  Find all instances of the pattern that is surrounded in blue.  Everywhere on the grid where there is the exact yellow pattern,  surround it with blue.  So,  on all sides of the yellow boxes (in the same pattern) will be blue boxes(exactly as shown in the yellow/blue pattern)",0,1
7e0986d6.json,"In the input, you should see...rectangular colored shapes on a black background with blue pixels placed randomly The output grid size...is the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to...replace the blue pixels with pixels of the same color as the majority of surrounding pixels",1,3
7e0986d6.json,"In the input, you should see...large section of the same color The output grid size...remain the same To make the output, you have to...reproduce large section on black back ground, use only the color of the large section",0,2
7f4411dc.json,"In the input, you should see...only part square fill The output grid size...fill only square grey To make the output, you have to...without fill single",1,1
7f4411dc.json,"In the input, you should see...solid colored shapes and some are block with some single pixel. A single color is for each pair. The output grid size...the same number To make the output, you have to...always remove a single pixel outside of the big blocks. Your output with be big blocks only, no scattered single pixels. Simply remove these single pixels and leave the complete major blocks whether these pixels are right next to or by themselves out in space. That's all.",1,1
7f4411dc.json,"In the input, you should see...Large rectangle patterns with single squares scattered around The output grid size...Keep grid size as same To make the output, you have to...Remove the single squares so that only the large rectangle group patterns remain",1,1
7fe24cdd.json,"In the input, you should see...a small section of the the final output pattern The output grid size...is 6x6 To make the output, you have to...copy the original 3x3 pattern and replicate it after you rotate it clockwise onto the output.  The top left 3x3 section should be a the same as the input.  Then replicate and rotate to the right of this in the 3x3 section to the left, continue this until you have replicate and rotate 3 times total.",1,1
7fe24cdd.json,"In the input, you should see... a pattern with various colors on a 3x3 grid The output grid size... the grid size is doubled to 6x6 To make the output, you have to... imagine the 6x6 output grid is split into four squares. Copy the input pattern onto the top left square, rotate 90 degrees to the right for the top right square, rotate again for the bottom right, then again for the bottom left.",1,1
7fe24cdd.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 pattern The output grid size...increases to 6x6 To make the output, you have to...copy and paste the input grid into each of the 4 corners, offset by 90 degrees to the right.",0,1
7fe24cdd.json,"In the input, you should see... a pattern on a 3x3 grid The output grid size... is 6x6 To make the output, you have to... treat the input grid as the top-left corner of the output grid. Fill in the other corners of the output, maintaining radial symmetry. So, rotate the input grid 90 degrees clockwise and put that in the top left. Continue this pattern.",0,1
80af3007.json,"In the input, you should see...a design pattern on a black background The output grid size...9x9 or the size of the design pattern To make the output, you have to...repeat the shape of the design pattern in 3x3 squares and make the same design on the 9x9 grid out of 3x3 squares.",1,3
80af3007.json,"In the input, you should see... a black background, within which is a 9x9 pattern composed of nine solid 3x3 gray and black squares The output grid size... is the size of the 9x9 pattern. To make the output, you have to... reproduce the 9x9 pattern. Then, within each gray 3x3 square, reproduce the 9x9 pattern, so that each 3x3 gray square is a smaller version of the 9x9 pattern.",0,1
810b9b61.json,"In the input, you should see... some blue figures against a black background. The output grid size... is identical to the input grid. To make the output, you have to... re-color green only the blue figures that form closed boxes.",3,3
810b9b61.json,"In the input, you should see...a black background with a variety of blue shapes. The output grid size...is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...copy the input grid. Then, any shapes that are closed (like complete squares or rectangles) will be changed from blue to green. Any other shapes that are open (incomplete) or are just lines, stay blue.",1,2
82819916.json,"In the input, you should see... one complete line and at least one incomplete line. Each line is made of two colors. The output grid size... is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Then, you have to complete each incomplete line. Maintain the lines color scheme while matching the pattern of the single complete line.",1,1
82819916.json,"In the input, you should see...two lines are different colors The output grid size...different size and width is exactly match. To make the output, you have to...match with colors are good.",0,1
83302e8f.json,"In the input, you should see... an array of black squares separated by a partially broken grid of colored lines. The output grid size... is identical to the input grid. To make the output, you have to... for every black square that has fully solid borders, recolor from black to green. For every square that has broken borders, recolor from black to yellow. Leave border lines in the original color.",1,2
83302e8f.json,"In the input, you should see...the lot of squares.  You will fill the space of the squares yellow color.  Not space of square add the green color. The output grid size...same size of output grid. To make the output, you have to...In the input, you should see...the lot of squares.  You will fill the spaced of the squares yellow color.  Not spaced of square add the green color.",0,1
834ec97d.json,"In the input, you should see...one square that's not yellow The output grid size...stays the same To make the output, you have to...move the square that's not yellow down one space. Then create a yellow line above the square to the top of the grid. Next, leave a black column on both sides of the yellow. Then, make identical yellow columns using this pattern.",1,1
834ec97d.json,"In the input, you should see...Grid size stay the same instead with yellow. The output grid size...grid size is identical To make the output, you have to...make identical grid. push the color piece down 1x. Make a line of yellow above the color piece. Skip the line to the right and left and repeat only yellow lines on every other space.",0,1
8403a5d5.json,"In the input, you should see... one color grid with a black background. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid size. To make the output, you have to... First, copy the input grid. Then starting from the colored grid, create a vertical line from the bottom to the top. Next, leave one column to the right of the colored line black, then create another colored vertical line beside it, and then leave another column to its right black color. You will repeat this process until the end of the right side. After finish creating the colored line, find the first black column next to the first colored line and color the topmost grid gray. Then find the second black column and color its bottom most grid gray. You will repeat this process alternately until the black columns have gray grids either at the top or the bottom. Your final result should have a pattern such as: colored line - black column with top gray grid - colored line - black column with bottom gray grid - colored line - black column with top gray grid, and this pattern continue to the end of the right side of the black background.",0,2
8403a5d5.json,"In the input, you should see...a color grid. The output grid size...same as input grid size. copy and paste same input grid. To make the output, you have to...fill the grid color of input for one vertical line and leave the next vertical line black and fill the next vertical line with input color and repeat this starting the input grid color from left to right.gray single grid color is give to top only one grid from left first color and then bottom and top .",0,2
8403a5d5.json,"In the input, you should see... a color grid. The output grid size...same as input grid size. copy and paste the same input grid. To make the output, you have to... fill the grid color of input for one vertical line and leave the next vertical line black and fill the next vertical line with input color and repeat this starting the input grid color from left to right.",0,2
846bdb03.json,"In the input, you should see... two vertical line shapes with yellow squares at the top and bottom, and two other shapes that join together with colors that match the middle part of the vertical line shapes. The output grid size... the height is the same as the height of the vertical line shapes. The width is the same width as the grid between the vertical line shapes plus the two yellow squares. To make the output, you have to... First, create a black grid according to the output grid size. Next, draw the vertical line shapes on the output grid identical to those on the input grid, and the space between the shapes should be the same too. Then, draw the other two shapes that join together in the middle of the grid, making sure that their colors match the colors of the middle part of the vertical line shapes. If the original color arrangement of the other shapes do not match the vertical line shapes, you need to flip the other shapes and draw them mirroring the original pattern so they match the color of the vertical line shapes.Note that the other two join shapes have to be drawn in the middle of the grid and nothing should be drawn on the grid where the yellow squares are.",1,1
846bdb03.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with colored blocks. The output grid size...should be the same size as the colored blocks with the yellow on the on the end and the black blocks between them. To make the output, you have to...rotate the blocks without the yellow so they fit between the blocks with the yellow on the end and the colors match up. All colors should fit within the two sets of blocks with the yellow on the end without a need to go beyond the yellow blocks.",0,1
846bdb03.json,"In the input, you should see...two vertical lines with yellow blocks in each corner The output grid size...should place one yellow block in each corner of the grid To make the output, you have to...match the colors on the pattern into the space between the two vertical lines. Some you can just pull into the middle, some you need to flip around so the colors match the side. The blocks between the yellow blocks at the top and bottom should be black.",0,1
855e0971.json,"In the input, you should see... black tiles placed in blocks of color The output grid size... stays the same To make the output, you have to...make the black tiles into lines that end at the color blocks they are in, if the color blocks appear vertically then the black lines should be horizontally, if the color blocks appear horizontally then the black lines should be vertical",1,1
855e0971.json,"In the input, you should see...several randomly placed black tiles on varying blocks of colors. The output grid size...is similar. To make the output, you have to...make one single line of black tiles, using the black tile provided, to cover the color block that it is located in either horizontally or vertically. You figure this out by determining which line would be shorter and create single black line in that manner. That is you have one black line that goes from the top of the color grid that it is in, to the bottom of that color grid. Or from side to side, depending on length.",0,2
85c4e7cd.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with different colored square borders that get smaller and smaller until it reaches the center. The output grid size...same size as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...replace the inner most color with the outer most color and complete the same step with every color until all have been changed. In other words, invert the order of the colors.",2,2
85c4e7cd.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with different colored square border that get smaller and smaller until it reaches the center. The output grid size...is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...replace the inner most color with the outer most colors and complete the same steps with every color until all have been changed. In other words, invert the order of the colors.",1,1
85c4e7cd.json,"In the input, you should see...a box with a different color at each layer. The output grid size...is the same size. To make the output, you have to...reverse the order of the colors, so the color in the center of the original grid is now the color of the outermost layer. Continue this pattern.",1,1
868de0fa.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with five blue-border squares. The output grid size...stays the same. To make the output, you have to...fill the squares with an even number grid INSIDE the blue border with red, and the rest (1x1, 3x3, 5x5) squares with the color you get from red   yellow.",2,5
868de0fa.json,"In the input, you should see...nice and well The output grid size... by change the numbers To make the output, you have to...res the instructions and do well",0,1
8731374e.json,"In the input, you should see...a single colored grid within a large grid. The single colored grid will contain a second color block or blocks. The output grid size...must be the same size as the large single colored grid. To make the output, you have to...fill in the entire row and column with the same color of the smaller cell. For example, if you have three single colored cells, you should end up with three columns and three rows.",1,1
88a10436.json,"In the input, you should see... a multi-colored 3x3 shape and a single gray square on a black background. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid size. To make the output, you have to... copy the input. Then, copy the colorful shape and paste it on top of the gray square, making sure the center of the shape is directly above the square.",1,3
88a10436.json,"In the input, you should see... multi-colored 3x3 shapes with a gray tile placed randomly The output grid size... remains the same as the input grid size. To make the output, you have to... copy the input 3x3 multi-colored shape ontop of the gray square, this square comprises the MIDDLE of the 3x3 copy",1,2
88a10436.json,"In the input, you should see...a multi-colored 3x3 shape and a single gray square on a black background. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size. To make the output, you have to...copy the input. Then, copy the colorful shape and paste it on top of the gray square, making sure the center of the copied colorful shape is directly overlapping the gray square.",0,1
88a62173.json,"In the input, you should see...squares of black and another color. The output grid size...will be 2x2. To make the output, you have to...replicate one of the patterns in one of the corners. Bottom right, bottom left, top right, or top left.",1,1
88a62173.json,"In the input, you should see...color pattern with different color The output grid size...4x4 grid size To make the output, you have to...replicate any of the 4x4 color pattern",0,1
88a62173.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with colored shapes in each corner. The output grid size...should be the size of one of the colored shapes. To make the output, you have to...replicate one of the colored shapes.",0,0
890034e9.json,"In the input, you should see... a large grid with one shape with black center The output grid size... is the same as the input grid size To make the output, you have to...First, copy the input grid and leave it as it is. Then, count the black color grid inside the shape. Next, find another area in the large grid with the same number of black grid as in the first shape, however, it will only be black grid without the shape and the black grid might also be surrounded by black squares or have additional black squares around it. After you find the black grid, replicate the first shape with the black grid you find as the center. There should be two identical shapes in the output grid.",1,1
890034e9.json,"In the input, you should see...a large grid with one shape with a black center The output grid size...the grid size is the same To make the output, you have to...count the number of black square in the center of the outlined shape. Somewhere else on the grid is a group of black square that has has the same arrangement, though there may be additional black squares as well. Replicate the original shape from the input grid using those black square as the center. There should be two identical shapes when you are done.",1,2
8a004b2b.json,"In the input, you should see...four yellow squares and boxes of color within these yellow corners as well as a shape outside the yellow corner squares The output grid size...should be the yellow squares and within only To make the output, you have to...recreate the pattern outside the yellow corner squares within the yellow corner squares with provided starting shapes",1,3
8a004b2b.json,"In the input, you should see...four yellow squares and several boxes of color within the corners of the yellow squares. The output grid size...should be the yellow squares and everything within. To make the output, you have to...focus on the yellow squares and put the replace the squares within the yellow corners with the colored pattern outside the corners.",0,1
8a004b2b.json,"In the input, you should see...green, red, blue, and yellow shapes The output grid size... is the size of the area with the four yellow squares as each of the corners of the new grid To make the output, you have to... first copy the shape inside the four yellow squares onto the new grid. Using the bottom shape in the input grid as the shape you want to create, fill in the missing parts of the output shape while maintaining the new size.",0,0
8be77c9e.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 grid. some of the squares are filled with blue, and the rest are filled with black. The output grid size...the height would be double the input and the width would remain the same. It will be a 3x6 grid. To make the output, you have to...fill the top of the grid with the same as original. And fill the bottom of the grid with a mirror image of the original.",1,1
8be77c9e.json,"In the input, you should see...3x3 grid with some squares filled with the same color and the rest filled with black The output grid size...double the height of the input grid and the same width as the input grid To make the output, you have to...mirror the grid on the new grid",1,1
8be77c9e.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 grid with blue squares The output grid size...will change to a 3x6 grid To make the output, you have to...copy the input grid into the top of the new output grid. Then you will turn the input grid upside down and copy it in the bottom of the output grid. This will create a mirror image (top to bottom)",0,0
8d5021e8.json,"In the input, you should see...four black box and two colored box The output grid size...doubled in back twice in down To make the output, you have to... add reverse input on the back then do two more time",1,1
8d5021e8.json,"In the input, you should see...  four black box and two colored box The output grid size... doubled in back twice in down To make the output, you have to...add the reverse input on the back then do two more time",0,2
8d5021e8.json,"In the input, you should see...four black boxes and two boxes of another color The output grid size...is six of the input grid, two wide and three long To make the output, you have to...put the input grid in the center of your output grid. then create repeat the patterns but flip them.",0,2
8d5021e8.json,"In the input, you should see...four black box and two colored box 2x3 The output grid size...double in back twice in down 5x9 To make the output, you have to...add the reverse input on the back then do two more time",0,2
8d5021e8.json,"In the input, you should see...four block box and two colored box. The output grid size...Doubled in back twice in down. To make the output, you have to...Add the reverse input on the back .",0,1
8d5021e8.json,"In the input, you should see...Four black boxes and two boxes of another color The output grid size...is six of the input grid, two wide and three long To make the output, you have to...put the input grid in the center of output grid. then create repeat the patterns but flip them",0,1
8d5021e8.json,"In the input, you should see... four black squares and two colored squares in various shapes The output grid size... double in width and triple in length To make the output, you have to... flip and mirror input grid to the bottom right of the output. Then mirror for the bottom left. Flip to make the middle left, mirror for the middle right. Flip for top left, mirror for top right.",0,0
8d510a79.json,"In the input, you should see...a square with a gray line and blue and red tiles The output grid size...stays the same To make the output, you have to...complete a line with the colors. If it's red, fill the line in until you hit the gray bar. If it's blue, fill in until you hit the bottom or top edge.",2,3
8d510a79.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with red and blue tiles. The output grid size...is similar. To make the output, you have to...look to see if there is an even amount of colored tiles. If so, then the blue tiles always go up and the red tiles always go down. You must complete a line as far as it will go. If there are three tiles, then blue goes down and red goes up. If there are five tiles, then red goes up and blue goes down.",0,1
8e1813be.json,"In the input, you should see...colored squares The output grid size...6 into 6 To make the output, you have to...color the boxes",1,4
8e1813be.json,"In the input, you should see...a black background with  a colored square and different colored lines. The output grid size...is the same size as the colored square. To make the output, you have to...repeat the color lines in the same horizontal or vertical order as they appear in the input. The lines should go all the way across the grid to form stripes that are in the same color order and orientation as the input.",1,2
8e5a5113.json,"In the input, you should see...colored square and two black squares The output grid size...size remains the same To make the output, you have to...have the first remain the same then the second black square  have the same colors just move it 90 degrees and for the third black square change it 90 more degrees",1,1
8e5a5113.json,"In the input, you should see...a colored square and two black squares. The output grid size...remains the same. To make the output, you have to...copy the first square exactly. Then in the next black square rotate the color pattern 90 degrees to the right. Then in the final black square rotate the  pattern another 90 degrees.",0,1
8eb1be9a.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern in the center The output grid size... keep size the same To make the output, you have to...copy the pattern for the whole grid to match the center pattern",1,1
8eb1be9a.json,"In the input, you should see....common pattern The output grid size...common pattern To make the output, you have to...common pattern",1,1
8eb1be9a.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern in the center of a black background The output grid size... is the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid, then copy the exact same pattern to fill in the whole black background.",1,1
8efcae92.json,"In the input, you should see...2 colors on a black background The output grid size...choose the shape with the most red squares and make the grid that size To make the output, you have to...replicate the pattern of the chosen shape",1,1
8efcae92.json,"In the input, you should see...2 colors on black background The output grid size...choose one shape and make the grid that size To make the output, you have to...make the grid the same size as the shape and the two colors are just like in the shape",1,1
8f2ea7aa.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern on a black grid The output grid size...the same size as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...Imagine the original pattern is a 3x3 grid. What you need to do is copy the pattern in the 3x3 to the 9x9 grid. So you  have 9 3x3 grid inside of the bigger grid(Top left, top middle, top right, middle left, middle, middle right, bottom left, bottom middle, bottom right). For example if the  input pattern is a l shape you would only copy this to the top middle, middle and bottom middle grid.",0,2
8f2ea7aa.json,"In the input, you should see... a colored shape on black The output grid size...is same as the input To make the output, you have to... first copy the input field exactly into the output field. Now look at the shape in the input field and imagine it is placed in a 3x3 box. Note that each colored cell represent each of the 3x3 area inside of a 9x9 in the output field (top left, top center, top right, middle left, and so on). For each colored cell, copy and replicate the whole shape in the output region in the particular region.",0,1
8f2ea7aa.json,"In the input, you should see...color grid on black background The output grid size...same as input size To make the output, you have to...each color grid need to change as 3x3 grid and need to copy same pattern in to each grid",0,1
90c28cc7.json,"In the input, you should see...in a black background a rectangle or square created from other colored rectangle or squares. The output grid size...new grid size should be the least number of squares necessary to create a similar, but not always the same, pattern of the colored rectangle or square. To make the output, you have to...consider only the colored part of the input. Create a similar square or rectangle, using the least number of squares.",1,1
90c28cc7.json,"In the input, you should see...colored pattern in black background The output grid size...horizontal number of color x vertical number of colors grid size To make the output, you have to...replace group of same color grids with single same color grid.",0,1
90c28cc7.json,"In the input, you should see... a large rectangle made up of other, smaller rectangles. The output grid size... should be significantly smaller than the input. It should be the smallest number of squares needed to replicate the layout of the input, with no black visible. It can be a square or a rectangle. To make the output, you have to... simplify the input pattern, making the smallest rectangle into a single square and scaling down the others accordingly, until the final result resembles a zoomed-in look-alike of the input with no visible black squares.",0,1
90f3ed37.json,"In the input, you should see... a line at the top and two  start of lines at the bottom The output grid size... is the same To make the output, you have to... finish the line so that it is the same as the top line but finish the line in dark blue",1,1
90f3ed37.json,"In the input, you should see... like The output grid size... good To make the output, you have to... nice",0,1
913fb3ed.json,"In the input, you should see... single colored squares The output grid size... is the same as the input To make the output, you have to... surround any green squares with pink squares, surround any light blue squares with yellow squares, and surround any red squares with dark blue squares",4,4
913fb3ed.json,"In the input, you should see...single colored squares The output grid size...in the same as the input To make the output, you have to...surround any green squares with pink squares, surround any light blue squares with yellow squares, and surround any red squares with dark blue squares.",1,1
913fb3ed.json,"In the input, you should see...single colors The output grid size...same size as input To make the output, you have to...surround green with pink color, light blue with yellow and red with blue",1,1
91413438.json,"In the input, you should see...a colored pattern on 3x3 black grids The output grid size... change depending on the numbers of the colored grids in the input grid. The change is as follow: 3 colored grids (input pattern) =  18x18 output grid; 4 colored grids (input pattern) = 15x15 output grid; 5 colored grids (input pattern) = 12x12 output grid; 6 colored grids (input pattern) = 9x9 output grid. To make the output, you have to... First, count the numbers of the colored grids in the input grid, then create the output grid based on the output grid size instruction. Then, keeping in mind the number of the colored grids, copy the exact pattern from the input grid to the output grid, with the same number of times as the number of the colored grids starting from the left side to the right. For example,  if the pattern on the input grid has 3 colored grids, you will copy the exact pattern to the output grid 3 times, starting from the left to the right; if the pattern on the input grid has 5 colored grids, you will copy the exact pattern to the output grid 5 times, starting from the left to the right.",0,2
91413438.json,"In the input, you should see...a colored grid pattern on 3by3 black background grid. The output grid size...count the colored grid in the design pattern. If it is 3 the size of the output grid will 18by18. If it is 4 the size of the output grid will be 15by15. And if it is 5 the output grid size will be 12by12 while 6 will have 9by9 output grid size. To make the output, you have to...to make the output repeat the design horizontally from the top of the grid by the number of the colored grid on the background using the unique background explained above.",0,1
91413438.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern with a amount of space colored in (from 1 to 9.) The output grid size...becomes different with the different amount of colored in space, more information in the next step. To make the output, you have to...you have to figure out how many colored in space you have and the grid becomes different because of that. 3 = 18x18 grid, 4 = 15x15 grid, 5 = 12x12 grid, 4 = 9x9 grid, and so on. Then you make the first image and copy it across from left to right until you have it the same number of times as colored space. So if you have 5, you would copy it 5 times.",0,0
91714a58.json,"In the input, you should see...A large grid with many colors, with a 4x3 box of one color. The output grid size...The grid size stays the same. To make the output, you have to...Turn everything black except for the 4x3 box of one color.",1,1
91714a58.json,"In the input, you should see... A grid of random colors with a solid block clearly visible. The output grid size... remains the same size. To make the output, you have to... copy the size and position of the solid block, so you have the block on a black background.",1,1
91714a58.json,"In the input, you should see...A large pattern set of the same color The output grid size...The grid size remain the same To make the output, you have to...reproduce the large pattern with a black back ground",1,1
91714a58.json,"In the input, you should see...A lot of small colored boxes with a larger one that is of the same color and at least two rows in size The output grid size...Copy the input grid To make the output, you have to...Reproduce the larger box that is of one color and has at least two rows.",0,1
9172f3a0.json,"In the input, you should see...3x3 grid The output grid size...9x9 grid To make the output, you have to...each tile in the input grid is a 3x3 grid pattern on the output. Keep same color and pattern but increase to a 9x9 grid",1,1
9172f3a0.json,"In the input, you should see... a 3x3 grid with colors The output grid size... is a 9x9 grid To make the output, you have to... copy the same colors in the same position. For every single grid in the input, it should be changed to a 3x3 of color each in the output",1,1
9172f3a0.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 grid with three colors The output grid size...is changed to 9x9 To make the output, you have to...use the same colors in the same position",1,1
9172f3a0.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 grid with two colors The output grid size...is changed to 9 squares for each square on the input side To make the output, you have to...make the output 9x9 then fill in the color pattern so that 9 squares represent one on the input side",0,1
9172f3a0.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 grid with different colors The output grid size...9x9 because each grid has been made into a 3x3 grid To make the output, you have to...make a 9x9 grid that will have 3x3 grids filled with the colors from each box in the input grid",0,1
928ad970.json,"In the input, you should see... 4 grey squares and a colored rectangle within the dots. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Then, using the color of the colored rectangle, make the largest rectangle possible that will fit inside the four grey dots. The outside of the new rectangle should touch the inside of all four grey dots.",1,1
928ad970.json,"In the input, you should see... 4 gray dots and a colored rectangle inside all 4 dots. The output grid size... is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Then, make the biggest rectangle possible that is enclosed by all 4 gray dots. Make this rectangle the same color as the smaller rectangle. So, the rectangle you draw should be touching the inside of each gray dot.",1,1
928ad970.json,"In the input, you should see...4 gray dots and a colored rectangle inside all 4 dots The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...copy the input grid .then, make the biggest rectangle possible that is enclosed by all 4 gray dots. make this rectangle the same color as the smaller rectangle . so,the rectangle you draw should be touching the inside of each gray dot",1,1
928ad970.json,"In the input, you should see... colored squares with a black background and 4 grey squares The output grid size...the same as the input To make the output, you have to...draw another square around the outside of the smaller square, but touching the 4 grey squares. The large square should touch all 4 of the grey squares and completely surround the smaller square.",0,0
93b581b8.json,"In the input, you should see... a 6x6 grid with a 2x2 colored square, where each corner of the square is a different color. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid size. To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Then, you will add 4 2x2 blocks to the grid, each touching the corner of the 2x2 colored square in the input. The color of each 2x2 block should be the same color as the opposite corner of the 2x2 colored square. If the 2x2 colored square is not in the center of the input, some of the 2x2 blocks you are adding may be off the page.",1,2
93b581b8.json,"In the input, you should see...a 2x2 square of four different colors The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...add a 2x2 square of a single color in each corner that is the color of the far square of the input.",0,2
93b581b8.json,"In the input, you should see...four input The output grid size...different To make the output, you have to...single color",0,1
93b581b8.json,"In the input, you should see...fill the empty place The output grid size...fix the color in opposite place To make the output, you have to...fill the box in to same color",0,1
941d9a10.json,"In the input, you should see... a gray grid breaking up the input into many sections. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... copy the input. Then, use blue flood fill to fill in the upper-left-most section. Then, use green and flood fill to fill in the bottom-right-most section. Then, use red and flood fill to fill in the center-most section.",1,4
941d9a10.json,"In the input, you should see...background area The output grid size...upper black To make the output, you have to...successfully solved",0,2
941d9a10.json,"In the input, you should see...the background area split by gray objects. The output grid size...should be the same as the input To make the output, you have to...fill the left-upper black area with blue; the middle with red; and the green in the right-down.",0,2
941d9a10.json,"In the input, you should see... Grey lines The output grid size... remains the same as the input grid size. To make the output, you have to... Copy the input grid to the output grid. To complete the grid a horizontal filled in line must be created in the black spots. This diagonal line goes from top left to bottom right. In some cases the diagonal line will not be perfect, just use best judgement to get as close to one as possible. The FIRST PART in the top left is dark blue, the SECOND PART in the middle is red, the THIRD PART in the bottom right is green.",0,1
94f9d214.json,"In the input, you should see...is a 4x8 grid. The top 4x4 is a pattern of green pixels. The bottom is a 4x4 is a pattern of blue pixels. The output grid size...is a 4x4 grid. To make the output, you have to...overlay the top 4x4 grid of green pixels over the bottom 4x4 grid of blue pixels or vice versa.After you complete the overlay whichever pixels are still black will be changed to red in the output. All the other pixels which are green, blue, or both will be changed to black",1,1
94f9d214.json,"In the input, you should see... a 4x8 grid with 4x4 green pattern at the top and 4x4 blue pattern at the bottom. The output grid size... 4x4 grid To make the output, you have to... create 4x4 grid. Then copy the blue pattern to the output grid, and then copy the green pattern on top of the blue grid. Fill in all the grids that are black with red color. Finally, change the color of the grids that are green or blue into black color.",0,1
952a094c.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with a square or rectangle composed of monochromatic pixels with a colored pixel at each of the interior corners of the rectangle. The output grid size... is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...  copy the input grid to the output workspace.  Move each of the interior corner colored pixels to the exterior corner opposite of their input position.  Meaning, move the upper left interior pixel such that its corner is touching the lower left corner of the lower left corner pixel of the monochromatic rectangle or square.  You're moving pixel at a 45 degree angle to the exterior opposite corner, do that with each interior corner square to create the correct output grid.",1,1
952a094c.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with a square in one color. There will be four small different colored squares on the inside corners of the square. The rest of the inside of the square and the rest of the grid is black. The output grid size... is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...take the different colored squares from the inside corners of the square and move them to the opposite outside corner of the square. For example if there is a green square on the inside bottom left corner, move it to the outside top right corner. The rest of the squares will be black.",1,1
9565186b.json,"In the input, you should see... a couple or several colors that fill the grid. The output grid size...remains the same. To make the output, you have to...keep the color with the most squares and everything else should be gray.",6,7
9565186b.json,"In the input, you should see...more than one color set The output grid size...no change To make the output, you have to...replace minority colors with gray",1,2
95990924.json,"In the input, you should see... a series of gray squares The output grid size... is the same as the input To make the output, you have to... surround each square with the following, connected diagonally to each of the corners: Blue on the top left, Red on the top right, Green on the bottom left, Yellow on the bottom right. The end result should almost resemble a flower, with a gray center and four colored petals.",2,2
95990924.json,"In the input, you should see...gray squares The output grid size...grid is the same To make the output, you have to...put blue dot on top left corner of square.Red dot on top right corner of square.Green dot on bottom left corner of square, and yellow dot on bottom right corner of square.",0,1
963e52fc.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with a repeating pattern from left to right. The output grid size...double the original horizontal size with the same vertical size. To make the output, you have to...Repeat the middle colors in the second half of the new grid on the same rows.",1,1
963e52fc.json,"In the input, you should see...a horizontal colored line in the middle The output grid size...the length of the grid double in size but the width stays the same To make the output, you have to...repeat the same pattern of colors in the input pixels to the grid created in the output  in the same position",1,1
963e52fc.json,"In the input, you should see... a black grid with a pattern of blocks going horizontally in the middle The output grid size... should remain the same height but double the width. To make the output, you have to...continue the horizontal pattern of blocks all the way to the end.",0,1
963e52fc.json,"In the input, you should see...a repeating pattern in which pixels are alternating by color and only use only two colors. The output grid size...is double the length of the input. To make the output, you have to...start with one color, choose a second color, and repeats those colors. You should begin with the middle row.",0,0
97999447.json,"In the input, you should see... a grid with randomly placed colored tiles The output grid size... remains the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... alternate to the RIGHT of the colored tile with light grey and the original color UNTIL it reaches the rightmost side of the grid, REPEAT this for each applicable colored tile.",2,4
97999447.json,"In the input, you should see...one or more single blocks on a black grid. The output grid size...stays the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...copy the input grid. Then, to the right of the first colored block, place a gray block. After the gray block, continue to the right and place a block of the original color. Continue the pattern of original color followed by gray until you reach the right side. Do this with each original colored block.",0,1
97999447.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with some colored blocks. The output grid size...stays the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...start at the right of the colored block and move left to right alternating the color shown and gray until you get to the edge of the grid on the right. Repeat for each color shown on the grid.",0,1
97a05b5b.json,"In the input, you should see...a large grid with a red grid with black blocks missing. As well as small grid blocks with red blocks that fit the black blocks in the large grid. The output grid size...changes to the size of the large red grid. To make the output, you have to...fit the red blocks in the small grid blocks where they go on the large red grid with the colored blocks as well.",1,2
97a05b5b.json,"In the input, you should see...a black background with a block of color that is missing shapes. Those missing shapes are also on the black background, like puzzle pieces. The output grid size...the size of the large colored block with the missing pieces. To make the output, you have to...copy the large colored block with the missing pieces. Then copy the puzzle pieces and paste them where they fit in the large colored block to fill in the missing pieces to maintain the shape of the original colored block and its missing pieces.",0,1
97a05b5b.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern with ""missing"" shapes placed around it. The output grid size...is the size of the pattern with missing shapes. To make the output, you have to...reinsert the missing shapes, bring the surrounding color as well.",0,1
97a05b5b.json,"In the input, you should see...a big square with missing shape and a small square. The output grid size...is the same as the big square with the missing pattern. To make the output, you have to...fill the missing pattern with the small square along with the blue pattern.",0,1
98cf29f8.json,"In the input, you should see...a two color pattern on a black background The output grid size... is the same size as input To make the output, you have to... remove the colored squares that create a floor to the other pattern. you bring the patterns together by moving the pattern that is the same color as the line you remove",2,5
98cf29f8.json,"In the input, you should see...two colors on a black background with one vertical or horizontal single line. The output grid size...remains the same. To make the output, you have to...remove the single line and move the shape that is the same color as the line square up against the other shape.",1,1
995c5fa3.json,"In the input, you should see...three 4x4 grey grids divide by black lines The output grid size... 3x3 grid To make the output, you have to...make three rows of three different solid colors corresponding to the grey 4x4 blocks. The first 4x4 block is the color of the top row, and so on.Grey 4x4 with a 2x2 black box in the middle = light blueGrey 4x4 with no black = redGrey 4x4 with black box center bottom = yellowGrey 4x4 with two 1x2 black lines on the left and right = greenIf there are any more, they are a different color.",1,2
995c5fa3.json,"In the input, you should see...make the grid size into 3 out of 3 and green for top 3 yellow for middle line 3red for bottom line make it upside down and change middle row into blue. The output grid size...change the grid size into 3x3 To make the output, you have to...make the output grid with 3 colors.",0,1
99b1bc43.json,"In the input, you should see....a 4x4 square of blue and black boxes on top of a yellow line. Below the yellow line is a 4x4 square of red and black boxes. The output grid size....should be 4x4. To make the output, you have to...compare the squares in the top and bottom 4x4 square. If they match (both black or both color) make the output square black. If they do not match, make the output square green.",2,2
99b1bc43.json,"In the input, you should see...a 4x4 square of blue and black boxes on top of a yellow line. Below the yellow line is a 4x4 square of red and black boxes. The output grid size...should be 4x4. To make the output, you have to...compare the squares in the top and bottom 4x4 square. If they match (both black or both color) make the output square black. If they do not match, make the output square green.",0,1
99fa7670.json,"In the input, you should see...colored blocks on a black background The output grid size...same as input To make the output, you have to...extend the colored blocks, using their original color, to the right and downward, creating ""L"" shapes. Start with the bottom-most block. Draw a line from the bottom-most block until it touches the right side of the grid, and then draw a line downward from there until it touches the bottom of the grid. This will form an inverted ""L"" shape that is facing left. Then, go up to the next colored block and repeat this process, except when you draw the line downward, stop where it would touch the first color. This will form another inverted ""L"" shape, on top of the first one. Do this for each colored block.",1,1
99fa7670.json,"In the input, you should see...single block The output grid size...extend pattern To make the output, you have to...add blocks",0,1
99fa7670.json,"In the input, you should see... a black background with single 1x1 dots of different colors. The output grid size... should be the same as the input. To make the output, you have to... Take each dot and continue it until it touches the right edge to become a line. Then, starting from the colored line at the bottom, continue the line at the right edge down and continue until it touches the bottom edge. Do the same for each line until it touches the next colored line.",0,1
99fa7670.json,"In the input, you should see...grid system changed The output grid size...same as the input To make the output, you have to...have to change",0,1
9aec4887.json,"In the input, you should see...a colored object and a light blue object. The output grid size... is the same as the colored object. To make the output, you have to...copy the colored object and copy the light blue object inside the colored object. Then change the middle light blue blocks adjacent to the colored outlines to the same color.",0,1
9aec4887.json,"In the input, you should see...2 shapes, one colored circle, and a unique shape The output grid size...is the same size as the circle To make the output, you have to...put the shape inside the circle, keeping the colors of both the same. The exception to keeping all colors the same is the outermost dots of unique shape inside takes the color from the closest ring of the circle but only in the center, not the corners.",0,0
9af7a82c.json,"In the input, you should see...grid filled with different colors. No background color. The output grid size...width should be the number of colors. Height should be the number of the most....color. To make the output, you have to...in a black background, fill out the left with the most ... color. Then the second most...third most..continue. Start it from the top.",1,1
9af7a82c.json,"In the input, you should see...color and number of color. The output grid size...number of most color x type of color To make the output, you have to...able grid",0,1
9af7a82c.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with a certain number of colors (either 3 or 4). The output grid size...must have the same number of COLUMNS as the number of colors in the input grid (if 3 colors in the input grid, there must be 3 columns in the output grid). The number of ROWS in the output grid must be the same number as the number of squares with the most color (if there is 1 green, 2 blue, 3 red and 6 yellow, there must be 6 rows). To make the output, you have to...Create the grid as described above. You will then color each ROW with the same colors as shown in the input grid. Each ROW will be its own color. The color order is as follows:The first column from the left will contain the majority color in the input grid. This first column should be completely filled with that color.The second column from the left must contain the same number of colored squares as the SECOND most number of squares from the input grid.The third column will contain the same number of colored squares as the THIRD most number of squares from the input grid.And if there is a fourth color, the last column should contain that color and number of squares.Done.",0,1
9af7a82c.json,"In the input, you should see...3x4 block with different pattern The output grid size...total number of same blue block To make the output, you have to...decreasing number of blocks",0,1
9af7a82c.json,"In the input, you should see...several colored shapes interconnected The output grid size...(the total number of blocks comprising the largest shape) x (the total number of shapes) To make the output, you have to...straighten out the shapes to become lines, hanging from the top of the new grid. The shapes will be arranged by length, longest starting at the left and shortest at the right. The largest shape should start at the top left and extend all the way down to fill the grid. The next biggest shape will fill in next to it and extend down the number of blocks of the original shape. The next smallest shape will go next extend down the number of blocks of the original shape. Do this until all shapes fill the grid horizontally. The empty space extending below the straightened shapes (now lines) in the bottom-right of the grid will be black.",0,0
9d9215db.json,"In the input, you should see... a few color boxes on  a black grid. The output grid size... keep it the same To make the output, you have to... take the main color and create a border frame from the location it is in. take the color next to it and put it on the end point of the border frame. take the color box that is further away and copy that into the 4 directions making sure they are mirror images. A black box should be between each color box.",0,1
9d9215db.json,"In the input, you should see...colored boxes arranged in a pattern The output grid size...should be the same as the input To make the output, you have to...take the pattern and mirror it to the four corners like a reflection instead of a copy. One color will have 2 blocks of that color. Use that color to make a square around the grid using one for the start and the other for the end. This square will skip one block and then place a block all the way around the grid. If it encounters the patterns that you placed down skip that square",0,0
9d9215db.json,"In the input, you should see...different colored boxes on a black background. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size. To make the output, you have to...continue the established pattern, leaving one black square between each colored square in the pattern.",0,0
9d9215db.json,"In the input, you should see... several different colored boxes. The output grid size... stays the same size. To make the output, you have to... place a set of the colored boxes in each corner, but rotate the boxes so it is a mirror of the original set. For example, if a red box is nearest to the middle in the original set, then in the corners the red box will also be nearest to the middle. Next you will then create a border with the two same colored boxes that border another box. Just repeat those boxes away from the group until they go to another corner.",0,0
9dfd6313.json,"In the input, you should see...a colored pattern The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size. To make the output, you have to...rotate the pattern 90 degrees to the right and then flip it over to it's reverse. the output should be an 90 degrees mirror image of the input.",1,1
9dfd6313.json,"In the input, you should see...a mirror pattern with colored blocks on one side split by a line of blocks from one corner to the other. The output grid size... stays the same. To make the output, you have to...take one side and mirror it to the other side.",1,2
9dfd6313.json,"In the input, you should see...a colored pattern The output grid size...is the same To make the output, you have to...rotate the pattern 90 degrees to the right, then flip it. The left edge becomes the right",0,1
9dfd6313.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern made of several colors The output grid size...is the same To make the output, you have to...rotate the pattern 90 degrees to the right. then flip the pattern over, so the input is the mirror image of it as the 90 degree rotate.",0,0
9ecd008a.json,"In the input, you should see...can see a pattern with a some black part. The output grid size...should be the same size as the black spots To make the output, you have to...fill the black spots with the exact same pattern that need to be filled in the original grid.",3,5
9ecd008a.json,"In the input, you should see... a pattern The output grid size... is 3 by 3 To make the output, you have to... finish the pattern that would be in the black square section",0,1
9edfc990.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with several different colored blocks. The output grid size...stay the same. To make the output, you have to...copy the input and fill in any spaces that have with blue that have blue touching black.",1,1
9edfc990.json,"In the input, you should see...a different color blocks The output grid size...should be the same as given To make the output, you have to...fill out the blue color to the area of where the blue block exists. when there is no blue block there is no need to fill up, just leave those blocks as empty.",0,1
9f236235.json,"In the input, you should see...a single-colored grid of symmetrical lines that intersect to create segmented boxes. The boxes are filled  and create a design. The output grid size...becomes smaller. Equal to the number of segmented boxes present in the input grid To make the output, you have to...avoid the lines that create the boxes, and instead  focus on the pattern. Copy the pattern so that it is mirrored horizontally (left to right). You should end up with only the design from the input.",1,1
a1570a43.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with 4 pixels evenly spaced from each other to create a sort of square and a different colored collection of pixels that create a random shape. The output grid size... remains the same To make the output, you have to... think of the 4 pixels as a picture frame. Reposition the random shape to be centered in that frame.",1,1
a1570a43.json,"In the input, you should see...four colored pixels that form a square, with a different color shape The output grid size...is the same as the input size To make the output, you have to...move the different color shape so that it is fully inside the square composed by the four colored pixels.",1,1
a1570a43.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with red and green squares. The output grid size...stays the same. To make the output, you have to...center the red squares within the boundary created from the green squares. Copy the red design exactly, but don't put any red squares in between the four green squares. There should only be black squares in between each green corner square. The design should be totally centered by the green corner square box.",0,1
a2fd1cf0.json,"In the input, you should see... a black background with a red square and a green square. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid size. To make the output, you have to... create a road of light blue squares between the red and green squares. The road should travel up or down from the green square and left or right from the red square until the two meet.",3,5
a2fd1cf0.json,"In the input, you should see...two squares of different colors The output grid size...no change To make the output, you have to...connect the squares use light blue with a right angle",1,2
a2fd1cf0.json,"In the input, you should see...herself The output grid size...including To make the output, you have to...changed",0,1
a3325580.json,"In the input, you should see... colored shapes against a black background The output grid size... will be the size that the output lines require. To make the output, you have to... identify the largest shapes by number of squares. This may be one shape or more than one shape, if they have the same number of square. Then create a vertical line for each of those shapes, in the order from left to right of the shapes, each line with the same number of squares as the input shape. If only one shape is largest, there will be one output line. If two shapes are largest together, there will be two lines, and so on.",2,2
a3325580.json,"In the input, you should see...black boxes with colored boxes in different amounts of the same color The output grid size...will be equal to the amount of boxes that have the highest number of colors. If the highest amount of colored boxes are 4, there should be equal vertical rows of 4 colored boxes. To make the output, you have to...will be created by making vertical rows of the same color boxes with the largest number of colors",0,2
a3325580.json,"In the input, you should see...color grid with black base grid The output grid size...rows should be equal to number of colors satisfy the condition. column should be number of grid selected for output. To make the output, you have to...vertical colored columns which equal to the higher number of grids of same color.",0,0
a3df8b1e.json,"In the input, you should see...a single blue block at the bottom with a black background The output grid size...stay the same. To make the output, you have to...add blue squares in a 45 degree angle pattern back and forward until you reach the top.",2,3
a3df8b1e.json,"In the input, you should see...a single blue point at the bottom The output grid size...is the same as the old one To make the output, you have to...draw a blue dot one to the right and one up from the original one, follow that pattern until you reach the side, then draw a blue dot one to the left and one up until you reach the other side, repeat until you reach the top",1,2
a3df8b1e.json,"In the input, you should see...a single blue point at the bottom The output grid size...is the same as the old one To make the output, you have to...use blue dots like stairs to reach the top",0,1
a416b8f3.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern using colored squares The output grid size...is twice as wide and the same height as the original To make the output, you have to...copy the pattern exactly to the new empty section. There should be two of the same pattern side-by-side.",1,1
a416b8f3.json,"In the input, you should see... a grid with colored squares The output grid size... is the same height as the input grid but twice as wide To make the output, you have to... place the input design all the way on the left half and then duplicate the exact same design and colors on the right half. The final grid is two of the original grid next to each other.",1,1
a416b8f3.json,"In the input, you should see... like and side by side The output grid size... copy to input To make the output, you have to...double side",0,1
a416b8f3.json,"In the input, you should see...the pattern in a rectangle The output grid size...double the size of the original one To make the output, you have to...copy the whole rectangle on the right side same rectangle grid",0,1
a48eeaf7.json,"In the input, you should see...a square made up of red boxes along with some gray boxes spread apart. The output grid size...stays the same size. To make the output, you have to...simply move the gray boxes toward the red boxes taking the most direct route possible. The gray boxes are then placed wherever they touch a red box in some way.",4,5
a48eeaf7.json,"In the input, you should see...a square with blocks far from it The output grid size...the same To make the output, you have to...move the blocks until they touch the red square on the same line",1,1
a5313dff.json,"In the input, you should see...shapes with black inside and dot in center The output grid size...match the output To make the output, you have to...color the inside blue but if the border of shape goes outside the grid leave inside black",3,3
a5313dff.json,"In the input, you should see...The structure and the inside color. The output grid size...Fill the inside with blue color To make the output, you have to...changed the grid and  the color.",1,1
a5f85a15.json,"In the input, you should see...diagonal lines of colored squares. The output grid size...is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...change every other square on each of the diagonal lines to yellow (starting with the 2nd square on each line)",1,1
a5f85a15.json,"In the input, you should see...diagonal lines of colored squares. The output grid size...is the same as the original. To make the output, you have to...change every other square on each of the diagonal lines to yellow",1,1
a5f85a15.json,"In the input, you should see...diagonal lines of colored squares The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size To make the output, you have to....replicate the original input grid, then starting from the top, change every other square on each of the diagonal lines to yellow",0,1
a61ba2ce.json,"In the input, you should see...4 different color patterns in 3 squares each in the middle of the black grid. The output grid size...changes to 4x4. To make the output, you have to...follow the colored pattern and put them on all the corners exactly how the pattern is placed.  Then fill in the middle 4 squares with black.",3,4
a61ba2ce.json,"In the input, you should see...see 4 set of 3 blocks in 4 different colors. The output grid size...should be 4x4. To make the output, you have to...make a square with the each set of blocks. There should be a smaller black square in the center.",1,2
a61f2674.json,"In the input, you should see...only vertical blocks which stay on rows 1, 3, 5, 7 and 9. The output grid size...will remain the same. To make the output, you have to...change the shortest colored blocks from gray to red and the tallest colored blocks from gray to blue. Change the remaining gray blocks to black.",1,1
a61f2674.json,"In the input, you should see...blocks that only go vertically. The output grid size...will remain the same. To make the output, you have to...change the shortest group of blocks from gray to red, change the tallest group of blocks from gray to blue. Change the remaining gray blocks to black.",1,1
a61f2674.json,"In the input, you should see... grey vertical lines. The output grid size... is the same as the input To make the output, you have to... change the shortest grey line to red and the tallest line to blue. The remaining lines turn black.",1,1
a64e4611.json,"In the input, you should see... area that appear not fill. The output grid size...stay the same. To make the output, you have to... fill not fill area with green, leaving black border.",1,5
a64e4611.json,"In the input, you should see... blue grid are placed randomly empty black grid make pattern The output grid size...should be same as input size To make the output, you have to...fill the black grid with green surrounding with continue black grid",0,1
a65b410d.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with a small horizontal line in red. The output grid size...exactly the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...copy your red input boxes to the output grid. Make an exact same line (as red) in green, but also add  1 green box. Repeat moving up until your top portion is colored in green with -1 box moving downward. Go to the box(es) just BELOW your red line. Make a new line (or box) in blue, but -1 less blue box than the number of red box(es). Repeat this in blue until you only have ONE black box (row) left on the bottom. In the end  you will have green, red, blue and it will zig-zag getting smaller as you go down. Be sure to leave the very bottom row all black.",1,1
a65b410d.json,"In the input, you should see...horizontal bar of orange squares, either 2, 3, or 4 squares. The output grid size...is the same. To make the output, you have to...place the horizontal bar in the exact position in the output. Then add 1 to the number of orange squares and fill in that number of squares directly above the orange bar, but in GREEN, beginning with the leftmost square. Then add another 1, and fill in that number of squares in another green horizontal bar right above. Continue doing that all the way to the top. Then subtract the number of the original orange squares by 1, then draw under the orange bar the new number of squares in BLUE, also beginning with the leftmost square. Repeat until the number of blue squares is 1. Draw that, then you are done.",1,1
a65b410d.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern of green, red and blue squares The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...go up from the red add one more green square as you go up.  If you start with 2 red squares the next would be 3 green.  Then go down from the red and use blue square.  The number should be one less than the red to start",0,1
a68b268e.json,"In the input, you should see...four 4x4 grids placed on with a blue   dividing them. Each 4x4 grid is their own colors. The output grid size...the size of one 4x4 grid. To make the output, you have to...take the upper left 4x4 grid. Nothing will need to be changed from it.  Add the upper right grid to the 1st one.  Remember not to change any colors only add new ones to black boxes.  Next do the bottom left grid the same way. Finish with the bottom right grid.  You will not use dark blue squares at all.",1,2
a68b268e.json,"In the input, you should see...4x4 with all shapes The output grid size...4x4 size grid To make the output, you have to...take the top left 4x4 on output. add top right 4x4 pattern. do not cover the first color. do the same for each section.",0,2
a68b268e.json,"In the input, you should see...four number of 4 by 4 grid placed on blue grid, each 4 by 4 grids colored by individual color pattern The output grid size...should be 4 by 4 size To make the output, you have to...create 4 by 4 output grid, and all black grid have to replace by another color available in other 4 by 4 grid on same position.",0,1
a699fb00.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with black background and blue squares The output grid size...is same To make the output, you have to...every time you see two blue squares in any  line with a single space in between, you fill in that space with a red square Only pay attention to squares going across and not up and down. Do not fill in any squares for any pattern going up and down. Keep all blue squares blue and keep the black squares black",2,2
a699fb00.json,"In the input, you should see....a pattern of blue sections with black space between them. The output grid size...stay the same To make the output, you have to...fill the black sections between two blue sections with red",1,2
a740d043.json,"In the input, you should see...a blue grid with a pattern some place The output grid size...is the size of the pattern in the blue grid To make the output, you have to...make the pattern and if there is any more on the sides or any blue, fill in with black",2,2
a740d043.json,"In the input, you should see...orginal pattern The output grid size...copy the pattern To make the output, you have to...follow the insturction",0,2
a78176bb.json,"In the input, you should see... a diagonal line of a single color, with gray squares extending out from one or both sides of it. The output grid size... is identical to the input grid. To make the output, you have to... keep the original colored line. Place a square of that same color on the black square that at the point of the gray extension.  Now extend another diagonal line out from that colored square, mimicking the original line. Do this on both sides if there are two gray extensions. You should now have two or three lines, including the original. Now recolor the gray squares black, and you're done!",0,2
a78176bb.json,"In the input, you should see... a diagonal line with a single color with gray squares on one side or both sides of the line on a large black background. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...copy the input grid. Then create a diagonal line with the same color as the original diagonal line at the side of the gray squares. The diagonal line has to touch two sides of the large black background. Then, color the gray squares with black color.",0,2
a78176bb.json,"In the input, you should see...a single color with grey color The output grid size...same as original color To make the output, you have to...keep the original diagonal color and fill the grey color with black. copy the same diagonal color on the grey color side by keeping space number of original square size make by grey color.",0,1
a79310a0.json,"In the input, you should see...black background with colored squares The output grid size... Same as input To make the output, you have to... Move colored square one line down and change to red",5,6
a79310a0.json,"In the input, you should see...a random shape of one single color (blue) on a black background. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size To make the output, you have to...copy those specific shapes one block below and change the color to red",0,1
a85d4709.json,"In the input, you should see...two black blocks on each row from top to bottom The output grid size...does not change To make the output, you have to...make the row green if two blocks appear together on the left, yellow if two blocks are separated by a gray block in the middle, and red if two blocks appear together on the right on each row",1,3
a85d4709.json,"In the input, you should see...some grey pixels either in the first column, second or third column. The output grid size...does not change.  copy and paste the grid To make the output, you have to...check the position of the grey pixels. Where the grey pixel is in the first column, the corresponding pixels in that raw in the output should have color red. If the pixel is in the middle column, the corresponding pixels in the output should be yellow. Where the grey pixel is in the the last column , the corresponding pixel in that raw in the output should be green.",0,1
a87f7484.json,"In the input, you should see...different patterns of different colors The output grid size...will be 3x3 To make the output, you have to...find the color with the most spaces colored and put that pattern into the 3x3",7,7
a87f7484.json,"In the input, you should see...square The output grid size...executive To make the output, you have to...changed",0,2
a8c38be5.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with random 3x3 grids The output grid size...a 9x9 grid To make the output, you have to...make sure the background is all gray. Then place the colors and shapes you see in the input in the right place. The corners should go in the corners. the t-shape should go at the top in the middle, the upside down t-shape should go at the bottom in the middle, the two side way t-shapes should go on the left and right side in the middle so that the long side is against to the left and right. Make sure to keep the same colors for each",1,1
a8c38be5.json,"In the input, you should see... multiple 3x3 squares with gray and colored shapes within them The output grid size... changes to a 9x9 grid To make the output, you have to... rearrange each of those squares fully that colors line up along the edge. Start with the fully gray 3x3 in the middle. Then corners should line up in the corners that the color touches the edge.Rearrange the rest of the 3x3 grids that the color remains on the edge.",1,1
a8d7556c.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern of black and grey colored boxes The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...Make the boxes that have the same color of black shapes that are bigger than 1x1 red",1,4
a8d7556c.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern of black shapes The output grid size...the same as input To make the output, you have to...find where squares bigger than 1 by 1 can be form. Fill those with red.",0,2
a9f96cdd.json,"In the input, you should see...red square good The output grid size...not change grid To make the output, you have to...bottom right red square",1,3
a9f96cdd.json,"In the input, you should see...a single red colored pixel in one of the column The output grid size...copy and paste the input grid size To make the output, you have to...make the pixels touching the colored pixel at its corners colored in green for the top left corner pixel, pink for the pixel touching its top right corner, light blue for the pixel touching its bottom left corner and orange for the pixel touching its bottom right corner. the colored pixel in the input should be colored black",0,2
a9f96cdd.json,"In the input, you should see...a red square on a black background The output grid size...does not change To make the output, you have to...on the grid where the red square is, place a green square to the top left of it, a pink square to the top right of it, a light blue square to the bottom left of it, an orange square to the bottom right of it, and leave out the red square",0,1
aabf363d.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern and one colored square at the bottom The output grid size...should be the same as the input To make the output, you have to...change the pattern to match the one colored square at the bottom and fill in the one square at the bottom to black",3,3
aabf363d.json,"In the input, you should see...a colored object at the middle and a single box bottom left corner of a different color The output grid size...does not change To make the output, you have to...make the box at the bottom left corner black and the colored object at the center  the color of the box at the bottom left corner",0,1
aba27056.json,"In the input, you should see...a 7x7 black grid with a single color of squares that form a rectangle with a black hole The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size To make the output, you have to...fill yellow squares in the hole of the rectangle and also add yellow squares on either all of the horizontal or all of the vertical lines out of the hole.  Then add more yellow squares on a diagonal starting from the inner corner of each hole and going to the edge of the grid.  Some yellow squares will repeat the yellow squares to fill the hole.",1,2
aba27056.json,"In the input, you should see...a 7x7black grid with a single color pattern. The output grid size...does not change. To make the output, you have to...fill in the pattern with yellow,  color the black squares that make a straight line to the edge of the grid yellow, and create one yellow diagonal line from the line to the edge.",0,2
aba27056.json,"In the input, you should see...change the color and size The output grid size... fill the color of empty box To make the output, you have to...join the corner of the edge",0,1
ac0a08a4.json,"In the input, you should see...original pattern The output grid size...output size To make the output, you have to...follow the instruction",0,2
ac0a08a4.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 with any number of colors The output grid size...it get large enough to contain each color in more blocks To make the output, you have to...zoom out and give each block its on space",0,2
ac0a08a4.json,"In the input, you should see...very interesting The output grid size...good grid size To make the output, you have to...output grid successfully solved",0,1
ac0a08a4.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 grid with a number of colored blocks on a black background. The output grid size...the grid size is the multiple of the original grid times the number of colored squares. To make the output, you have to...make the new grid size in black. Then move the grid colors to the new grid in the same relative spots. The colored areas will be the number of colored squares squared.",0,0
ac0a08a4.json,"In the input, you should see... single small fill. The output grid size... increase  by number of fill. To make the output, you have to... make new fill square big by the number of original fill.",0,0
ac0a08a4.json,"In the input, you should see...blocks of different colors The output grid size...is three times the width and three times the height of the input grid To make the output, you have to...fill each area of the output grid with the same color of the input grid",0,0
ae3edfdc.json,"In the input, you should see...a single red box and a single blue box. You should also see at least one orange box and at least one green box. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size. To make the output, you have to...create 2 designs using all of the colored boxes in the input grid. One design is focused on the red box and the other one is focused on the blue box.  Both the red box and the blue box will be in their exact same positions in the new grid. First put the red box in the same place as it is in the input grid. Now, look at the green boxes in the input grid and imagine that the green boxes are being pulled toward the red box until they are touching it. So, if there is a green box in the input grid above the red box, place it directly above the red box in the new grid. If there is a green box to the right of the red box in the input side, move it until it is directly to the right of the red box. Do the same for any other green boxes. After you are done, all of the green boxes should be touching the red box which is still in its original location. That design is done. Now use the same exact method for the blue box and surround it with the orange boxes. Think of the blue and red boxes as the centers of flowers and the green and orange boxes as the petals.",3,4
ae3edfdc.json,"In the input, you should see...one red box and one blue box. There will also be multiple green and orange boxes. The output grid size...stays the same. To make the output, you have to...keep the blue and red boxes in the same place. Then move the orange and green boxes toward the blue and red ones. Orange boxes move directly toward blue while green boxes move directly toward red.",0,1
ae3edfdc.json,"In the input, you should see... a blue box and a red box along with other colors. The output grid size... is the same size To make the output, you have to... take any orange and place them on the side of the blue box. Take the green and place them around the red box.",0,0
ae4f1146.json,"In the input, you should see...four cubes The output grid size...is is 3x3 To make the output, you have to...mirror the square with the most dark blocks",1,1
ae4f1146.json,"In the input, you should see...four 3x3 squares with blue and light blue pixels The output grid size...is 3x3 To make the output, you have to....copy the 3x3 square from the input grid that has the most blue pixels.",1,1
ae4f1146.json,"In the input, you should see...four squares The output grid size...should be the same size as one of these squares To make the output, you have to...copy the square with five blue squares in it",0,0
aedd82e4.json,"In the input, you should see...large shapes with smaller shapes The output grid size...no change To make the output, you have to...color smaller shapes dark blue",2,2
aedd82e4.json,"In the input, you should see... a number of different size shapes. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Any shapes which only contain one single square should be colored blue.",2,3
aedd82e4.json,"In the input, you should see...shapes made of single squares and shapes made of several squares. The output grid size... remains the same. To make the output, you have to...color shapes made of a single square blue.",0,1
aedd82e4.json,"In the input, you should see...one shape and two other squares. The output grid size...is the same as input size. To make the output, you have to...color in the colored squares with blue that stand by themselves or have no side connect with other squares.",0,0
af902bf9.json,"In the input, you should see....4 yellow in a square form The output grid size...does not change To make the output, you have to...put red in the middle of the yellow square structure, but not actually next to any of the yellow squares",2,3
af902bf9.json,"In the input, you should see...replace order The output grid size...change the grid size To make the output, you have to...follow the insturction",0,1
b0c4d837.json,"In the input, you should see...blue colored blocks are filled in grey colored pattern. The output grid size...will be 3x3 To make the output, you have to...put blue blocks if empty blocks that are in the grey pattern are added in vertical and that number should be be added blocks in a horizontal shape in a output",1,3
b0c4d837.json,"In the input, you should see... you see a U shape of grey block with filled with light blue in 2 or 4 block. The output grid size... change the size into 3x3 To make the output, you have to...just put light blue color on first 3 row when middle of light blue block count 2 or 15.  if 12 light blue color out put 2 light blue. if 9 blocks are blue then put 4 light blue. if only four light blue color in the middle of grey block then just put 1 light blue color in first block",0,2
b0c4d837.json,"In the input, you should see...a bucket holding some level of water The output grid size...is a 3x3 grid To make the output, you have to...Start at the upper left and add a light blue pixel for every empty row of the bucket. Fill in the top row first and then begin the second row beginning at the right.",0,1
b190f7f5.json,"In the input, you should see...some squares of various colors on one half of the grid and some blue square that make a pattern on the opposite side of the grid. The output grid size...will be the size of grid with the light blue squares multiplied by the length of the grid with the light blue squares. So, for example, if the light blue squares are in a 4x4 grid, the output grid will be 16x16. To make the output, you have to...replace each of the colored squares on the input grid with the light blue pattern but in the color of the square, then orient the pattern to correspond with the colored squares in the new grid.",1,3
b190f7f5.json,"In the input, you should see...6x3  grid size, first 3x3 grid will have same color and another 3x3 grid will have another multi color pattern The output grid size...will be size of light blue multiplied by number of blue grid To make the output, you have to...replace each of colored grid by light blue color grid pattern",0,1
b1948b0a.json,"In the input, you should see...two colors, one of which is orange. The output grid size... is the same as the input size To make the output, you have to... turn the not-orange color into light red.",4,4
b1948b0a.json,"In the input, you should see...two different color squares The output grid size...the same size as the input To make the output, you have to...replace all the purple squares with red.",2,2
b230c067.json,"In the input, you should see...all patterns are blue in color The output grid size...same but color pattern changes To make the output, you have to....similar pattern with singleton color",1,1
b230c067.json,"In the input, you should see...all patterns that have the same light blue color. The output grid size...should be the same with the same shapes. To make the output, you have to...color the two similar shapes the same dark blue color and then change the third shape to the red color.",1,1
b230c067.json,"In the input, you should see...three light blue rectangle The output grid size...does not change To make the output, you have to...change the left most two rectangle to light blue then the other one on the right to red",0,0
b27ca6d3.json,"In the input, you should see... some single and paired red boxes on a black field The output grid size...be the same as the input To make the output, you have to...surround the paired red boxes with green boxes",3,3
b27ca6d3.json,"In the input, you should see... single and paired red boxes on a black grid The output grid size... is the same as the input To make the output, you have to... place green boxes all the way around all of the paired red boxes",0,1
b2862040.json,"In the input, you should see...red background, blue closed and open patterns The output grid size...same as input To make the output, you have to...change closed patterns to light blue.",6,6
b2862040.json,"In the input, you should see...a dark red background with light blue closed pattern in light blue and line-only pattern in dark blue. The output grid size...remains the same. To make the output, you have to...make all the closed dark blue patterns light blue.",1,1
b527c5c6.json,"In the input, you should see...a colored area filled in and one square a different color The output grid size...same size To make the output, you have to...extend the single colored square to the edge of the grid heading away from the other color. The other color will fill in around the single color line the same amount of squares it is away from the beginning single color square",0,2
b527c5c6.json,"In the input, you should see... two green rectangles with a red cell on one side. The output grid size... stays the same. To make the output, you have to...  Count the number of green cells it takes to get to the closest edge of each rectangle, let's call them X and Y. Remember these two numbers. Continue the red square making a red line to the edge of the grid. you should have two single red lines. Now take the respective number(X or Y) for the the first rectangle draw  X lines of green cells to the edge of the grid on each side of the red line.  Repeat for the other rectangle. you should be done.",0,2
b527c5c6.json,"In the input, you should see... green shapes on a black background. On the edge of each shape is a red dot. The output grid size... stays the same. To make the output, you have to... look at the dot on the edge of each shape. Counting away from the edge, how many green dots follow the red dot, before you reach the opposite edge? From the red dot, draw a line to the edge of the picture. Then on each side of the red line, draw a green border of the same thickness as the number of green dots you counted before.",0,2
b548a754.json,"In the input, you should see...a blue dot with a square or rectangle that have two colors one for the outside and one for the inside of the shape. The output grid size...same grid as input To make the output, you have to...from where the outer square or rectangle is.Stretch it until the outer color covers the dot and then fill in the shape with the inner color.This should stretch the shape in general towards the dot itself.",0,2
b548a754.json,"In the input, you should see...rectangle The output grid size...outside To make the output, you have to...stretch",0,2
b548a754.json,"In the input, you should see...a shape consisting of two colors. You will also see a single square alone. The output grid size...the same as the input grid size. To make the output, you have to...continue the pattern of the big shape, almost as if you were doing a drag and drop. Use the single square as an indicator point of how big the shape needs to be. In other words. the new big shape will cover the single point, and the single point will not be there anymore.",0,2
b548a754.json,"In the input, you should see... a single light blue square and a shape with two colors (one on the edge and the other on the inside) The output grid size... remains the same as the input To make the output, you have to... copy the shapes over and sort of stretch the shape to over  to cover the light blue square. The border remain the same color as before and the inside should remain the same color as before as well.",0,2
b60334d2.json,"In the input, you should see...a number of gray single pixel squares The output grid size...stays the same To make the output, you have to...copy entire image over.  Add single gray pixels diagonally from each corner of the current gray pixels, should create an X.  Add blue pixels above and to the sides of the center original gray pixels, so it's like a plus sign.  You will now have a number of 3x3 squares.  Replace the very center, where the gray pixels were in the original input, with black.",1,1
b60334d2.json,"In the input, you should see...different gray squares in the middle The output grid size...stays the same To make the output, you have to...place blue to the top, bottom, left, and right of each gray square, change the gray square to black so it looks like a blue plus sign with a black center, and finally add gray squares on each corner of the plus sign to end up with gray, blue, and black squares that are 3x3",1,1
b60334d2.json,"In the input, you should see...gray squares on an all black background. The output grid size...stays the same size. To make the output, you have to...put a blue square to the top, left, right, and bottom of the grey squares. Then turn the grey squares to black. Then on the 4 corners of your blue plus sign, add grey squares. These new squares should be 3x3.",1,1
b60334d2.json,"In the input, you should see...different gray squares in the middle The output grid size...stays the same To make the output, you have to...place blue to the top, bottom, left, and right of each gray square, change the gray square to black so that it looks like a blue plus sign with a black center, and finally add gray squares on each corner of the plus sign to end up with gray, blue and black squares that are 3x3",0,1
b60334d2.json,"In the input, you should see...Grey blocks in different areas of the grid. The output grid size...Copy the input grid size To make the output, you have to... Use the grey block as the center of a square that is surrounded by alternating grey and blue blocks. Blue is at the north, east, south and west position. Change the grey center to black.",0,1
b6afb2da.json,"In the input, you should see... two gray squares The output grid size...is the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid and then make all four corners of the gray squares blue. Fill the rest of the edge of the gray squares with yellow to connect the blue squares. Then fill the inside of each colored square with red.",4,5
b6afb2da.json,"In the input, you should see... two gray squares. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to... the squares stay in the same place but change color. The corner become dark blue. The middle become red. The edge between the corner become yellow.",0,1
b6afb2da.json,"In the input, you should see...2 gray squares The output grid size...same as input grid To make the output, you have to...color the middle squares of the shapes red and the corner squares blue and the rest of the  squares yellow.",0,0
b7249182.json,"In the input, you should see...two cubes of different colors The output grid size...will not change To make the output, you have to...make each color in line go toward the center.  Make a black empty space in the center by stop the lines 1 square each before they meet. This should give you 2 black squares in the center. Form a new line on each side with 2 cubes on either side for each color.  Put one more colored cube at the end of these lines to make each color connect. This should make an empty space in the center with a size of 2x3.",1,2
b7249182.json,"In the input, you should see... two different colored cubes at opposite ends of the grid. The output grid size... remains the same. To make the output, you have to... turn each colored square into a row of five extending from the original square across the grid to the other colored row. From the last square in the row, make a perpendicular column 5 squares tall. Add one more to the first and last of this column to connect the two figures",0,3
b7249182.json,"In the input, you should see... two colored squares on a black grid. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... the squares reach out to one another. They stay the same color and meet at the half point between the two. But they do not go out toward one another in simple lines. They reach out in a line of three squares, then turn to the right and left (or up and down) to form two new lines. They do this for two squares, then turn again so that these four lines meet each other.",0,0
b775ac94.json,"In the input, you should see...colored squares positioned into patterns. One ""fully formed"" pattern will have a uniform color. Differently colored blocks will butt against this first pattern The output grid size...stays the same as the input To make the output, you have to...expand the oddly colored cells into a pattern that mimics and mirrors the original set of cells that form the ""fully formed"" pattern. The output will have a snowflake appearance or a half or three-quarters of this ""snowflake"". In other words, 4 different colors bunched together will form a fully symmetrical ""snowflake"", while 3 will produce a ""three-quarters"" one. If that makes any sense.",1,1
b775ac94.json,"In the input, you should see...small clusters of different colored squares and a design nearby that uses only one of those colors. The output grid size...is the same as the original. To make the output, you have to...form the same pattern off of the other colored squares, positioned like a mirror image of the original.",0,0
b782dc8a.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern that needs to be completed The output grid size...the same To make the output, you have to...finish the pattern only on that area",1,4
b782dc8a.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern of mostly two colors, plus a small shape of two other colors The output grid size...same size To make the output, you have to...fill in the black squares by alternating the colors of the smaller shape",1,2
b782dc8a.json,"In the input, you should see...a black out put box and a pattern of mostly light blue with a few colored boxes in shape The output grid size...same size To make the output, you have to...fill in the black squares by alternating the colors of the few colored boxes in other shape starting near the shape and only fill the boundaries of the shape and not all the black boxes",0,0
b8825c91.json,"In the input, you should see... a complex pattern of colors with some distinct yellow rectangles The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...remove the yellow rectangles and replace the color to match the existing pattern",2,3
b8825c91.json,"In the input, you should see...a complex pattern of colored squares that contains at least 2 distinct yellow rectangles The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...remove the yellow rectangles and replace the all of the yellow squares with the appropriate color in order to create a pattern that is both horizontally and vertically symmetrical",1,1
b8825c91.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern with some of the squares colored yellow The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...change the yellow squares to finish the pattern",0,1
b8cdaf2b.json,"In the input, you should see...a  colored pattern. The output grid size... is the same as input. To make the output, you have to...create a diagonal line from the top to the sides with the less majority color.",1,3
b8cdaf2b.json,"In the input, you should see...a  colored pattern. The output grid size... is the same as input. To make the output, you have to...create a diagonal line from the top to the sides with the less majority color.",0,1
b8cdaf2b.json,"In the input, you should see... a structure of different colors along the bottom of the grid. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid size. To make the output, you have to... create a diagonal line from the top of the structure to the edge of the grid in the same color as the interior color of the original structure.",0,1
b8cdaf2b.json,"In the input, you should see... a structure on the bottom of the grid made up of two different colors. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size. To make the output, you have to...copy the input. Then, notice the color that is on the inside part of the structure. Using this color, after identifying the top layer of the structure, make diagonal lines starting at the left and right top layer all the way to the sides.",0,0
b91ae062.json,"In the input, you should see...a random pattern of pixels The output grid size...is the number of colors in the pattern times 3 for both width and height To make the output, you have to...re-create the same pattern with a single pixel becoming a square with sides of length corresponding to the number of colors in the original pattern.  In other words, simply increase the resolution of the input  by the number of colors it contains.",1,1
b91ae062.json,"In the input, you should see...colored block patterns The output grid size...either 6x6 or 12x12 To make the output, you have to...double the block patterns 2 times the grid size",1,1
b91ae062.json,"In the input, you should see...various colored squares and the rest will be black in a 3x3 grid. The output grid size... will zoom out to either 6x6, 9x9, or 12x12, depending how many colors are used (2 colors would make the output 6x6, 3 colors would be 9x9, etc). To make the output, you have to... just multiply the size of the output grid as stated in the last sentence, but make sure the colors take up as much space as before (if it's a 9x9 grid, each color square will be 3x3, for instance).",1,1
b91ae062.json,"In the input, you should see...3x3 colored pattern The output grid size...will be varied by the input number. of colored pattern To make the output, you have to...count the number of colors in input, then according to the count, each grid size is changed within  each block. And each block should be colored as same in input",0,1
b91ae062.json,"In the input, you should see...a series of colored blocks on a black background. The output grid size...increase to either 6x6, 9x9, or 12x12. To make the output, you have to...create either 2x2, 3x3, or 4x4 blocks of the original color in the input.",0,1
b94a9452.json,"In the input, you should see...a square shape with a smaller square centered inside of the larger square on a black background. The two squares are different colors. The output grid size...is the same size as the larger square. To make the output, you have to...make an output grid that is the same size as the larger square. The size and placement of the smaller inner square should be the same relative to the input grid. The colors of the two squares should be swapped.",1,1
b94a9452.json,"In the input, you should see...a square shape with a smaller square centered inside of the larger square on a black background. The two squares are different colors. The output grid size...is the size of the larger colored square. To make the output, you have to...reverse the colors of the original squares, keeping their original dimensions.",1,1
b94a9452.json,"In the input, you should see... A large grid with a colored square. Inside that square is a smaller colored square. The output grid size...will be the same size as the larger colored square. To make the output, you have to... copy the colored square pattern, but trade colors. For example: If you have a large blue square with a green center on the input, copy that to make a large green square with a blue center.",1,1
b94a9452.json,"In the input, you should see....a square shape with a smaller square centered inside of the larger square on a black background. The squares are different colors. The output grid size...is the same size as the larger square. To make the output, you have to...make an output grid that is the same size as the larger square. The size and placement of the smaller inner square should be the same relative input grid The colors of the two squares should be swapped.",1,1
b94a9452.json,"In the input, you should see... A blue square with a green central cell on a black field The output grid size...  the output grid should match the blue square To make the output, you have to... Invert the colors of the square and the center cell",0,0
b9b7f026.json,"In the input, you should see...several colored objects. The output grid size...will be 1x1 To make the output, you have to...fill in the new grid with the color of the object that has a hole in it.",1,1
b9b7f026.json,"In the input, you should see... several square and rectangle objects The output grid size... is 1x1 To make the output, you have to... copy the color of the object that has a whole in in the middle",1,1
b9b7f026.json,"In the input, you should see...several square and rectangle objects. The output grid size...will be 1x1 To make the output, you have to...copy the color of the square or rectangle that is not solid.",0,1
ba26e723.json,"In the input, you should see...alternating pairs of yellow blocks going up and down. The output grid size...is the same size. To make the output, you have to...start by changing the first set of two blocks to pink. Then skip two pairs and change the next two pink. Complete this pattern to the end of the grid.",3,3
ba26e723.json,"In the input, you should see....instructions The output grid size...by changing the numbers To make the output, you have to...by follow the instructions",0,1
ba97ae07.json,"In the input, you should see...two colored line touching The output grid size...is the same To make the output, you have to...make the other color line on top",1,1
ba97ae07.json,"In the input, you should see... two colored lines intersecting The output grid size... is the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. In the output, change the color where the two lines meet so that the other color line is on top.",1,1
ba97ae07.json,"In the input, you should see... two colored line touching The output grid size... is the same To make the output, you have to... make the other color line on top",1,1
ba97ae07.json,"In the input, you should see... like The output grid size... good To make the output, you have to... nice",0,1
bb43febb.json,"In the input, you should see... a square and rectangular. The output grid size... stay the same. To make the output, you have to... fill the inside of both shapes with red leaving a border the same color as original.",2,3
bb43febb.json,"In the input, you should see... two gray rectangles. The output grid size... will be the same size as the input grid (10x10). To make the output, you have to... color in the center of each gray square red, but make sure you leave a 1 square gray border around it (so if it's a 5x5 gray square, you would color a red 3x3 square inside it, leaving a gray border around the red square).",2,3
bb43febb.json,"In the input, you should see...two large rectangles. The output grid size...remains the same. To make the output, you have to...fill in the rectangles until only a one-square border of the original color remains.",0,0
bbc9ae5d.json,"In the input, you should see...a single row that has a certain number of colored boxes with black box(es) at the end. The output grid size...the same width as the input grid and the height is exactly 1/2 of the width of the input grid. For example, if the original grid is 8 boxes wide the new grid will be 8x4 (8 wide and 4 tall). To make the output, you have to...make the top row the same as the row shown in the input grid. Every row that goes down adds one more colored box. So, if the top row has 4 colored boxes, the next row down has 5 and then the next row has 6...etc. This will look like a staircase when you are done. Keep going until the grid is finished.",3,4
bbc9ae5d.json,"In the input, you should see...a row with boxes The output grid size...the same width as the input, the height is half of that number To make the output, you have to...The top row is the same as the input.  Add one colored block to the row below that, and two blocks to the row below that, etc etc, until it looks like a staircase",1,3
bc1d5164.json,"In the input, you should see...a black background with another color The output grid size...changes to 3x3 To make the output, you have to...squeeze the color other than black together so that when the section of the color come together the pattern is complete",3,5
bc1d5164.json,"In the input, you should see... a black background with a foreground color. The output grid size... shrinks to a 3x3 grid. To make the output, you have to... imagine you are squishing the original grid horizontally and vertically. The colored dots move and overlap on top of the background.",1,3
bd4472b8.json,"In the input, you should see...grids in the first row with different filled colors The output grid size...should be the same To make the output, you have to...filled the black grid from the third row with the colors specified in the first row. For example, fill the third row with the color in the first row and first column, and repeat.",1,1
bd4472b8.json,"In the input, you should see...grids in the first row with different filled colors The output grid size...should be the same To make the output, you have to...filled the black grid from the third row with the colors specified in the first row. For example, fill the third row with the color in the first row and first column, and repeat.",1,1
bd4472b8.json,"In the input, you should see...a color pattern of either 2, 3 or 4 various colors The output grid size...is the same size as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...start on the third row (after the row of gray) and make the entire third row the same as the first color in the first row, then make the entire fourth row the same as the second color in the first row and so on for the next color.  Once all colors have been done, then repeat the same pattern.",1,1
bd4472b8.json,"In the input, you should see...a 4x10 grid. The first row of the grid shows 4 squares of different colors. The second row shows 4 gray squares. The rest of the grid should be black. The output grid size...should be the same To make the output, you have to...fill the black grid starting from the third row using the colors of the squares in the first row. For example, first fill the four squares of the third row with the color of the first square of the first row then fill the four squares of the fourth row with the color of the second square of the first row. Fill the whole grid to the end following this sequence.",0,1
bd4472b8.json,"In the input, you should see...a line of colored squares, with a gray line underneath it, with black lines underneath those, all the way to the bottom. The output grid size...is the same size as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...copy over the input exactly as it is to the output (line of colored squares, gray line beneath it, and the black lines below those). Now, replace the black lines with lines made of the colors from your top row, and alternate them (for instance, if your colors on the top row are red, blue, yellow, then you would replace the black lines with a red line, then a blue line, then a yellow line, then a red line, then a blue line, then a yellow line). Make sure that your top line and gray line still match the input.",0,1
bda2d7a6.json,"In the input, you should see...3 different size of colored grid The output grid size...same as input To make the output, you have to...change the color of center black 2x2 grid to that of 4X4  grid color, 4X4 change to 6X6 color, and 6X6 change to old 2X2 color",4,4
bda2d7a6.json,"In the input, you should see... a series of squares inside of squares The output grid size... is the same as the input To make the output, you have to... change the color of the center square to the color of the second square, then change the second square to the color of the third square, and continue until you get to the largest square which should take on the color of the input center square",1,1
bda2d7a6.json,"In the input, you should see...3 grids of different colors and size The output grid size...the same as the input To make the output, you have to...change the color of the 6x6 grid to the 2x2 color, the 4x4 change to the 6x6 color and the 2x2 color to the 4x4 color",1,1
bda2d7a6.json,"In the input, you should see...3 different squares of same colored squares The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...move the center color to the second color, the second color to the third color, and the third color to the center.",0,0
bda2d7a6.json,"In the input, you should see...colored square The output grid size...same as the input To make the output, you have to...center 2x2 grid change to 4x4 color, 4x4 change to 6x6 color, 6x6 change to old 2x2 color, if 8x8 change to old 4x4 color",0,0
bdad9b1f.json,"In the input, you should see... 2 horizontal squares and 2 vertical blue squares. The output grid size... have the same size. To make the output, you have to... continue the pattern of red squares horizontal and continue the blue squares vertical to reach the edge of the grid. On the square that blue and red squares crosses, color that one yellow.",6,7
bdad9b1f.json,"In the input, you should see...start of two lines The output grid size...no change To make the output, you have to...continue lines and where crosses color light",0,1
be94b721.json,"In the input, you should see... colored shapes with a black background The output grid size... is fully zoomed on the pattern with the highest color count To make the output, you have to... fully copy the pattern of the largest colored shape, zoomed as much as possible",3,3
be94b721.json,"In the input, you should see...colored grids with different pattern with black background The output grid size...fully zoomed size of a certain pattern To make the output, you have to...fully zoomed pattern of a highest color count among the gird",1,1
be94b721.json,"In the input, you should see...three colored shapes The output grid size...the size of the smallest rectangle that the biggest object will fit into To make the output, you have to... copy and paste the biggest object and the black boxes that make up the rectangle",0,0
be94b721.json,"In the input, you should see...colored boxes on a black background The output grid size...is zoomed on the largest colored pattern. To make the output, you have to...copy the pattern as a full square or rectangle including black boxes.",0,0
beb8660c.json,"In the input, you should see... several different colored horizontal line segments. The output grid size... is the same as the input To make the output, you have to... rearrange the lines from largest at the bottom of the grid to smallest at the top. The final row need not be at the top of the grid. The lines should be aligned to the right side.",1,1
beb8660c.json,"In the input, you should see...pixels of different colors joined and placed horizontally on these black grids, separated by black grids The output grid size...the same size as the input To make the output, you have to...place them on each other according to their lengths on the grid right side",1,1
beb8660c.json,"In the input, you should see...different color in a line on a grid The output grid size...it is the same grid. To make the output, you have to...you take each color and form a step with them with the single top step on the right side and the bottom all the way across.",0,1
beb8660c.json,"In the input, you should see...3x3 grid with some color The output grid size... should be same as original To make the output, you have to...place more number of same color grid at bottom and next more number of grid on every top place become single grid",0,1
c0f76784.json,"In the input, you should see...grey squares. The output grid size...the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...fill the center of the smallest square with pink, the middle square with dark yellow and the biggest square with light blue.",1,1
c0f76784.json,"In the input, you should see...gray outlines of squares with holes unfiled or black in color. The output grid size...the same as input. To make the output, you have to...flood fill the holes within the squares, with pink for the smallest, the largest with light blue and the medium sized with orange.",1,1
c0f76784.json,"In the input, you should see...fill the center of the smallest square with pink, light blue, yellow The output grid size...In the input, you should see...fill the center of the smallest square with pink, light blue, yellow To make the output, you have to...In the input, you should see...fill the center of the smallest square with pink, light blue, yellow",0,1
c1d99e64.json,"In the input, you should see...many squares and some black squares that run from end to end vertical or horizontal The output grid size...has same size To make the output, you have to...color the black squares that create a line vertical or horizontal all the way across the grid red and only those squares red.",6,6
c1d99e64.json,"In the input, you should see...herself The output grid size...included To make the output, you have to...corresponding",0,1
c3e719e8.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 grid with all colored boxes. The output grid size...needs to be 9x9. To make the output, you have to...Notice that you can copy the original 3x3 grid 9 times into the new grid (nine 3x3 patterns) and fill out the new grid in this pattern. Now look at which color is the most common in the input grid and keep that in mind. For example, if blue is the most common color in the input box and the top, left box is blue then copy the entire 3x3 box into the top, left 3x3 area in the new grid. If the bottom, middle box is blue then copy the entire 3x3 grid into the middle top of the new grid. Alternatively, suppose the top right box is red (or any other color that is not the most common) in the input grid...then that top right 3x3 area should be black in the new grid. Keep following that pattern until you're done. The black holes should now correlate to the locations of the colors of the boxes (in the input grid) that were not the most common.",2,3
c3e719e8.json,"In the input, you should see...3x3 grid with a color pattern that will be repeated in output The output grid size...enlarged to 9x9 To make the output, you have to...copy the input pattern.  paste in output in a way that's similiar to the most common color in the input.  For instance is green is the most common color and the green boxes are diagonal, this pasted pattern would be diagonal as well",1,2
c3f564a4.json,"In the input, you should see...diagonal colored lines with black sections in them. The output grid size...is the same as the original. To make the output, you have to...fill in the black squares according to the pattern of diagonal colored squares.",2,2
c3f564a4.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern of diagonal lines The output grid size...same as original To make the output, you have to...fill in black tiles with the same tile pattern in the diagonal lines",1,1
c3f564a4.json,"In the input, you should see...colored The output grid size...original To make the output, you have to...using",0,1
c444b776.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with four sections The output grid size...will be the same size as input To make the output, you have to...copy the color in one section to other three sections.",2,2
c444b776.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid divided into sections The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...copy the color in one section to any other section",1,2
c444b776.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with four sections The output grid size...will be the same size as input To make the output, you have to...copy the color in one section to other three sections",0,0
c59eb873.json,"In the input, you should see...blocks of various colors The output grid size...will be double the input size, so if, for example, the input is 4x4 the output will be 8x8. To make the output, you have to...divide each block  into a 2x2 square in the same color as the original block. So, each block from the original input grid will become a 2x2 block of 4 squares of the same color as the original block.",1,3
c59eb873.json,"In the input, you should see...the blocks are within  four blocks then fill the individual color to the four block The output grid size...it is part on the grid change. then apply the colors To make the output, you have to....apply the grid size and fill the colors",0,1
c59eb873.json,"In the input, you should see... a 3 by 3 grid with colored blocks The output grid size...is 6 by 6 To make the output, you have to...make the same design but now the black, blue and red blocks are made from four blocks making one big square on each corner",0,0
c8cbb738.json,"In the input, you should see...a solid color background with multiple groups of 4 colored pixels. The output grid size...is going to be smaller than the original. It will be the same size as the largest shape created by the groups of colored pixels. To make the output, you have to...place all the groups of pixels on top of each other keeping all colors the same. Leave any left over blocks the color of the original background.",1,1
c8cbb738.json,"In the input, you should see...a solid color background with (4) colored squares placed to make general shapes throughout the grid. Each different shape is represented by colored blocks and background blocks. The colored blocks are an outline to the shape, but not fully filled in. The output grid size...changes to match the amount of squares used to make up the largest shape within the input grid. So, if there are three different shapes outlined and the largest is a 4x4 square, then the output grid would be 4x4 in size. To make the output, you have to...reduce the grid to match the size of the largest outline shape. Then overlay the different colored squares on top of the colored background. So if there is a dark blue background and you see an outline of (4) orange squares that make a square outline and four red squares that make a red cross, then you would put the orange squares at the corners of the output grid, and place the red cross in that shape between the orange, and the center square would be a dark blue square.",0,0
c8cbb738.json,"In the input, you should see...different colored blocks, with each color making a pattern, on top of some other color which can change from input to input. The output grid size...is different depending on the space between the number of blocks in the input patterns. The width would be the number of blocks for the pattern with the most space between them. Same goes for the height. If there is a pattern with 3 blocks between it, that would make it 5, as you want to include the blocks of the pattern. To make the output, you have to...What you want to do is combine all the shapes so the blocks of the patterns will be the outside of the result. Start with the pattern that has the most space between it. Copy it over so it should be the corners of the result. Then go to the next smallest pattern, copy it over, which should fill in spaces that were not already filled. Continue doing this to add all the patterns to the result. The background should stay the same in both.",0,0
c8f0f002.json,"In the input, you should see...blue and yellow colors The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size To make the output, you have to...change the yellow grids into grey one",3,3
c8f0f002.json,"In the input, you should see...blue grid with yellow grid The output grid size...same as  input To make the output, you have to...replace yellow grid with grey",1,1
c909285e.json,"In the input, you should see....one section that has a different color border The output grid size... will be the number of squares within the different color border, including the colored border To make the output, you have to... count the number of squares in the colored border and resize the output to that number. Then you color all the blocks to match the input.",2,2
c909285e.json,"In the input, you should see...a a small square inside the input grid with border. The output grid size...is the same as the small square inside the input grid. To make the output, you have to...copy the entire small square grid without change in  the pattern or the colors along with the border.",2,4
c9e6f938.json,"In the input, you should see... a simple 3x3 pattern of orange and black dots. The output grid size... doubles horizontally, so instead of 3x6 it's now 6x3. To make the output, you have to... copy the original pattern to the left half of the grid, then mirror it on the right, like an inkblot.",1,1
c9e6f938.json,"In the input, you should see...an orange shape on a black background The output grid size... has twice as many rows, but the same height To make the output, you have to...create a left-right mirror of pattern of the orange shape.",1,1
c9e6f938.json,"In the input, you should see...the orange grid only The output grid size...two times the row, but same height! To make the output, you have to...make the pattern mirror as left-right with the same height and twice the row.",1,1
c9e6f938.json,"In the input, you should see...orange squares on a black background. The output grid size...is 6x3. To make the output, you have to...make an identical grid next to it with same pattern as input grid.",0,1
c9e6f938.json,"In the input, you should see...shows half of the image The output grid size...six tall by three wide To make the output, you have to...copy the input image to the other half, but in opposite position",0,0
c9f8e694.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern of colored squares and some gray blocks The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size To make the output, you have to...fill each gray block with the color from the colored blocks that is on the same horizontal row",2,2
c9f8e694.json,"In the input, you should see...a line of colored squares and a number of grey boxes The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size To make the output, you have to...fill in each box of the grey squares with whichever color from the colored line on the side is on the same row as it",1,1
c9f8e694.json,"In the input, you should see... A line of colored blocks on the left The output grid size...is the same size To make the output, you have to...color the horizontal blocks the same pattern as the vertical colors",1,1
cbded52d.json,"In the input, you should see...Two horizontal black lines and two vertical black lines placed such that nine blue squares. There are single squares of other colors within some of the blue squares The output grid size...is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to....copy the input. For single colored squares of the same color: add another single square of the same color in the same relative location in between  the other two. Do this for all colors.",0,2
cbded52d.json,"In the input, you should see...3 block The output grid size...all side 3 To make the output, you have to...replace similar block",0,2
cbded52d.json,"In the input, you should see...input blue The output grid size...yellow and red To make the output, you have to...grid collected",0,1
cbded52d.json,"In the input, you should see...nine blocks in rows of three, up and down, with colored patterns. The output grid size...is identical. To make the output, you have to...make each across and down row identical, matching the middle block in each row to the end blocks.",0,0
cce03e0d.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 grid of colored squares with The output grid size...is 9x9 To make the output, you have to...Visualize the output grid as nine 3x3 blocks. The red squares on your input indicate which 'blocks' in your 9x9 grid you should work in. Copy the 3x3 input pattern to the 'blocks' indicated by the location of the red squares.",2,4
cce03e0d.json,"In the input, you should see...corresponding The output grid size...including To make the output, you have to...crosses",0,1
cdecee7f.json,"In the input, you should see... colors that are randomly across the grid The output grid size...Will be large enough to contain the number of all the colored squares To make the output, you have to...Follow the input grid colored squares from left to right.  The left most color will be in the top left.  The next colored square will to to the right.  Each colored square will get its own square in the output.  Continue this until you reach the top right corner of the output grid size.  Then the next colored square will go under the top right and then they will fill in output grid to the left until it reaches the left edge.  Then the it will go below that and continue to the right again.  Do this until all of the colored squares from the input grid are used. The remaining squares in the output grid will be black.",0,2
cdecee7f.json,"In the input, you should see...common pattern The output grid size...picture To make the output, you have to...mention",0,2
ce22a75a.json,"In the input, you should see...a black background with gray squares The output grid size...the same as input grid To make the output, you have to...change every gray square and the 9 squares around it into blue.",1,1
ce22a75a.json,"In the input, you should see...a black background with some squares in gray The output grid size...should stay the same To make the output, you have to...change every gray square and the 9 squares that go all around it into blue",1,1
ce22a75a.json,"In the input, you should see...a black background with some squares in gray The output grid size... is the same for input and output To make the output, you have to... change the gray blocks to blue and the squares that go around it to turn it into a blue block of 9.",1,1
ce22a75a.json,"In the input, you should see...the output grid size The output grid size...should stay the same To make the output, you have to...9 squares that go all around it into blue",0,1
ce4f8723.json,"In the input, you should see...a long grid with several colors. The output grid size... must be 4x4 To make the output, you have to...consider the long input as two sections as 4x4 grids, consider that the two sections as one.. then the leave that black spaces as black then point the colored blocks as green.",1,3
ce4f8723.json,"In the input, you should see...a long grid with several colors The output grid size...4 by 4 To make the output, you have to...join the upper and lower into one design, leaving the black spaces black and the other colors now green",0,1
ce602527.json,"In the input, you should see...random designs on a solid background The output grid size...the size of one of the designs To make the output, you have to...copy the design just as it is",3,4
ce602527.json,"In the input, you should see....three shapes The output grid size...one is present To make the output, you have to...pick one set",0,2
ce9e57f2.json,"In the input, you should see...4 red bars that rise upward from the bottom of the grid in different heights. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...change the lower half of the red bars to light blue and the upper half remain red.  If there are an even number of squares in the bar, the red squares and light blue squares should be even.  If there are an odd number of squares in a bar, there should be one more upper red squares than there are lower blue squares.",1,1
ce9e57f2.json,"In the input, you should see...4 red bars that rise upward from the bottom of the grid in different heights. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...change the lower half of the red bars to light blue and the upper half remain red. If there are an even number of squares in the bar, the red squares and light blue squares should be even. If there are an odd number of squares in a bar, there should be one more upper red squares than there are lower blue squares.",0,1
cf98881b.json,"In the input, you should see...a left section with yellow squares. The output grid size...is like the left section with the yellow squares. To make the output, you have to...over lay the dark red and blue areas and fill in the black squares where possible.",1,3
cf98881b.json,"In the input, you should see...a three-section grid with, from left to right, a yellow design then a dark red design and finally a blue design. The output grid size...is down to 4x4. To make the output, you have to...copy the blue design first, then overlay the dark red design over that, finally overlay the yellow design over that as well. The yellow design will be most visible.",0,1
d037b0a7.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern with different colored squares The output grid size...is the same To make the output, you have to...wherever you see a color other than black make squares below that color the same color down to the border",4,6
d037b0a7.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 grid The output grid size...the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to...fill in the black under any color with the same color",0,1
d06dbe63.json,"In the input, you should see...one light blue square The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...place two gray pixels above the light blue square. Then make three gray squares (total) to the right, then three more (total) going up, etc to the end of the border. Do the same thing going down, except the squares should go to the left instead of to the right. It should look like stairs, sort of.",2,2
d06dbe63.json,"In the input, you should see...a blue square. The output grid size...is the same size. To make the output, you have to...use just grey blocks add blocks to the top of the blue box, add two up, and then two to the right. Below the blue box add grey blocks, two down and then two to the left. Repeat this pattern to the edge of the grid.",1,1
d06dbe63.json,"In the input, you should see... a blue square The output grid size... is the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to... put two light grey squares above the blue square. Then two more light grey squares to the right of the last square you added. Put another two grey squares going up, and continue this pattern until you reach the end of the grid. This will build a grey staircase pattern from the blue square to the upper right corner.Beginning at the blue square again, put two light grey squares going down. Then put two going left, then two down, and continue until you reach the end of the grid. This will build a grey staircase pattern from the blue square to the bottom left corner.",0,1
d07ae81c.json,"In the input, you should see...patterns with different-colored single squares The output grid size...same as input To make the output, you have to...draw diagonal lines of the same color extending from all four corners the single squares. When your lines reach another color block, continue the line but switch to the color of the single-squares corresponding to that color block.",0,3
d07ae81c.json,"In the input, you should see...color pattern with single squares The output grid size...same as input To make the output, you have to...draw from single square to diagonal out. For the new lines, make sure to keep the same color on background that is there before.",0,2
d0f5fe59.json,"In the input, you should see...several shapes of one single color The output grid size...is the number of shapes the input grid has. for example, if the input grid has 3 shapes, the grid size is should be 3x3 To make the output, you have to...take the same color as the shapes in the input grid and create a line from the top left corner to the base right corner",4,4
d0f5fe59.json,"In the input, you should see... blue shapes on a black background The output grid size...is the same number of shapes the input grid has so if the input grid has 3 shapes, the grid size is 3x3 To make the output, you have to...take the blue color and make a diagonal pattern starting from the up left corner and down to the bottom right corner",0,1
d10ecb37.json,"In the input, you should see...patterns in a large area The output grid size...will be 2x2 To make the output, you have to...take the pattern on the top left and put it in the 2x2 grid",6,6
d10ecb37.json,"In the input, you should see...a multi-colored grid with random patterns. The output grid size...is reduced to a 2x2 grid. To make the output, you have to...copy the colors used in the top left corner of four squares of the grid and make them the corresponding colors on the output 2x2 grid. So if the top left has a red square, then a yellow square with a blue square below the red square and a green square below the yellow square, then those would be placed in the corresponding squares on the output grid.",1,2
d13f3404.json,"In the input, you should see...three colored squares that make up their own shape within the grid. all of the squares different colors. The output grid size...is four times the input. To make the output, you have to...repeat the pattern of the shape of colored squares from the top left to the bottom right of the output grid. the patterns should repeat to the right of each other and down.",0,3
d13f3404.json,"In the input, you should see...a colored pattern in one corner surrounded by black blocks. The output grid size... should double. To make the output, you have to...repeat the pattern from the original corner to the other corner of the new bigger grid.",0,2
d13f3404.json,"In the input, you should see...3 squares colored in random places, different color for each. all others are black The output grid size...is four times the size To make the output, you have to...need to draw a line down and to the right from each beginning square all the way to the end of the grid",0,1
d13f3404.json,"In the input, you should see...3 squares colored in random places, different color for each. all others are black The output grid size...is four times the size To make the output, you have to...need to draw a line down and to the right from each beginning square all the way to the end of the grid",0,1
d13f3404.json,"In the input, you should see...3 squares colored in random places,different color for each all other are black The output grid size...four time the size To make the output, you have to...need to draw a line down and to the right from each beginning square all the way to the end of the grid",0,1
d13f3404.json,"In the input, you should see...3 squares colored in random places, different colors for each. All others are black. The output grid size...Is four times the size. To make the output, you have to...Need to draw a line down and to the right from each beginning square all the way to the end of the grid.",0,1
d22278a0.json,"In the input, you should see...at least two corner squares with color The output grid size...is not changed To make the output, you have to...draw alternating squares from the corner without crossing the middle horizontal or vertical to another color",0,0
d23f8c26.json,"In the input, you should see... a random collection of colored squares. The output grid size... is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to... turn everything black, but keep the middle vertical line of colored squares.",7,7
d23f8c26.json,"In the input, you should see...a square grid of colored squares. The output grid size...is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...keep the vertical middle line of squares the same, and color the rest of the squares black.",1,1
d2abd087.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with gray shapes that are varied in their size and form. The output grid size...remains the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...copy the input grid. Then count how many gray squares make up each of the individual shapes. If the shape uses (6) gray squares, change those gray squares to red. If the shape has any other number of gray squares, change the gray squares to blue.",3,3
d2abd087.json,"In the input, you should see...same grid The output grid size...same size To make the output, you have to...item with 6 red and the other blue",1,1
d364b489.json,"In the input, you should see...several blue squares placed at different parts The output grid size...should be the same size as the input grid To make the output, you have to...place a orange square to the space left of any blue square, a red square in the space above any blue square, a purple square to the space on the right of any blue square and a light blue square to the space below any blue square.",2,2
d364b489.json,"In the input, you should see...filled blue squares The output grid size...do not change To make the output, you have to...put purple squares on the right side, red squares on the top, orange squares on the left, light blue squares on the bottom.",1,1
d406998b.json,"In the input, you should see...gray and black blocks in a check style. The output grid size... is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...starting with the second vertical color every other gray block green. Black remains the same.",0,4
d406998b.json,"In the input, you should see... Black background with gray squares The output grid size...same as input To make the output, you have to... Starting with second vertical, change gray to green every other vertical.",0,3
d43fd935.json,"In the input, you should see... a 2x2 green square and a number of other smaller colored squares. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Then, connect the 2x2 green square to any and all other colored squares which you can reach with a straight line. Use the color of the square to which you are connecting the 2x2 green square. Fill in all of the black squares between that square and the 2x2 green square. Leave the rest of the grid - including any colored square you can't reach with a straight line - as they are.",2,2
d43fd935.json,"In the input, you should see...a green 2x2 square The output grid size...stays the same To make the output, you have to...fill the same color of any square that is vertical or horizontal to the corner of the green square.",0,1
d43fd935.json,"In the input, you should see...is a large grid with multiple colored squares The output grid size...stays the same To make the output, you have to...copy the input to the output. Look at each corner of the green box. Is there a colored square above or beside that corner? Then draw a line the same color as that square to connect it.",0,0
d4469b4b.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with blue, green, or red squares The output grid size...is 3x3. To make the output, you have to...make a gray grid with four black corner squares if the input is blue squares. If the input is red squares, make a make a gray grid with the bottom right and bottom left black and the middle left and middle right black. If the input is green squares, make a gray grid with a 2x2 black square in the top left.",1,1
d4469b4b.json,"In the input, you should see... colored squares on a black background. The output grid size... is 3x3. To make the output, you have to... make a 3x3 grid. If the input grid has blue shapes, the output should be light grey with black in the four corners (making a grey plus sign). If the input grid has red shapes, the output should be light grey with black on the lower left, middle left, middle right and lower right (making a grey T shape). If the input grid has green shapes, the output should be light grey with black in the upper left, middle left, upper center and middle center (making a 2x2 black square in the upper left).",1,1
d4469b4b.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with blue,green,or red squares The output grid size...is 3x3 To make the output, you have to...make a gray grid with four black corner squares if the input is blue squares.if the input is red squares,make a make a gray grid with the bottom right and bottom left black and the middle left and middle right black. if the input is green squares,make a gray with a 2x2 black square in the top left",1,1
d4a91cb9.json,"In the input, you should see... the blue grid only. The output grid size...same as the input grid. copy the input grid. To make the output, you have to...draw a down line with yellow to which the red grid's row meet. and continue the yellow grid to the side of the red grid",1,4
d4a91cb9.json,"In the input, you should see...one light blue block and one red block. The output grid size...should remain the same size as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...make a L shape in orange to connect the red and blue blocks.",0,2
d4a91cb9.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with a blue unit and a red unit. The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...make a 90 degree line through each color. The line from blue will go up and down. The line from red will go left and right",0,0
d4f3cd78.json,"In the input, you should see...a gray square (outside only) with one square of it still black. The output grid size...is same To make the output, you have to...Fill in the square with light blue. Make the single black square that should be gray in the input light blue as well. Then you want to continue with light blue to make a line going to the edge of the grid. So it is like a line is going out of the square to the edge like a stop sign (but in any direction)",3,3
d4f3cd78.json,"In the input, you should see...a gray grid with one spot open in it The output grid size...the same size To make the output, you have to...fill the gray with light blue then extend a line out the empty spot to the the end of the grid",0,1
d511f180.json,"In the input, you should see...any and all colors The output grid size...keep same To make the output, you have to...change all gray squares to light blue and all light blue squares to gray. Everything else keep the same as input.",1,1
d511f180.json,"In the input, you should see...any and all colors The output grid size...same as input grid To make the output, you have to...change all the gray squares to light blue and all the light blue squares to gray. Everything else keep same as input.",1,1
d511f180.json,"In the input, you should see...change all grey to light blue The output grid size...In the input, you should see...change all grey to light blue To make the output, you have to...In the input, you should see...change all grey to light blue",0,1
d5d6de2d.json,"In the input, you should see...a number of boxes with holes in them The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...fill in the holes of the boxes with green, then black out the outlines of the boxes",1,4
d5d6de2d.json,"In the input, you should see...an area of red blocks with an area of black blocks The output grid size...stays the same To make the output, you have to...fill the black boxes with green",0,2
d631b094.json,"In the input, you should see...one color of blocks on a black background The output grid size...is one block tall and the same amount of blocks wide as the number of colored blocks in the input grid To make the output, you have to...color the whole output grid the color of the colored input grid blocks so there is a horizontal line of colored blocks",2,5
d631b094.json,"In the input, you should see...one colored box and few black box The output grid size...only two box To make the output, you have to...fill only the colored one",0,1
d631b094.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with one color squares and black squares The output grid size...be a horizontal line with the number of colored squares. To make the output, you have to...make the squares the same color as the colored squares.",0,0
d687bc17.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with different colors on the border of it in and then multicolored boxes within The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...copy grid. If any of the boxes on the inside match any of the outline colors move them so they are adjoined to it, without changing the row/column it's in. Do this with every color. If a box on the inside doesn't match with an outside color then just remove it. At the end the middle area should be black and the blocks are adjoined to their respective colors.",2,2
d687bc17.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid that has a chain of the same colored boxes on the outer edges of the grid, and inside the colored edges, there are different colored single boxes. The output grid size...does not matter; any size To make the output, you have to...copy and paste the entire box. In the end, almost all of the center boxes will be black. Look at the top of the grid; if there are boxes the same color as those on top, move it up to touch the top and then color black any boxes of same color that are left in the middle. Next, look at the right side of the grid, if there are any boxes the same color as the right side, move it up to touch the right side and then color black any boxes of same color that are left in the middle. Repeat these steps for the bottom and left side of the grid.",0,1
d6ad076f.json,"In the input, you should see...see two sets of blocks in different colors. The output grid size...should remain the same. To make the output, you have to...connect the two sets of blocks using light blue blocks leave the connection one width smaller than the smaller set of blocks.",0,4
d6ad076f.json,"In the input, you should see... two different color shapes with some space between them. The output grid size...same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...copy the input grid and connect the two shapes with the blue grid.it must be smaller than the size of the small input shape.",0,2
d6ad076f.json,"In the input, you should see... two rectangles that are different colors. One should be smaller than the other. The output grid size...stays the same. To make the output, you have to... Copy the grid. You need to connect each rectangle with a light blue straight line. The thickness of the line depends on the smaller rectangle. the light blue line should be 1 row/column less on each side than the smaller rectangle. you  are done.",0,1
d6ad076f.json,"In the input, you should see...2 shapes on a black background The output grid size...same as input To make the output, you have to...connect the shapes with a light blue block. The new connecting block is smaller than the smaller of the input blocks. Remove 1 rows of light blue squares from each side that is 90 degrees from the input squares.",0,1
d6ad076f.json,"In the input, you should see....two rectangle that are different colors The output grid size... stays the same to make the output you have to copy the grid you need to connect each rectangle with a light blue straight line To make the output, you have to...connect the shapes with a light blue block",0,0
d6ad076f.json,"In the input, you should see...2 shapes of the different colors The output grid size...is the same size as the input grid To make the output, you have to...color a light blue bridge between the two shapes. Do not connect the bridge between from the outside 2 squares of the smaller shape.",0,0
d89b689b.json,"In the input, you should see...the color of center 2x2 grid is same The output grid size...is same as input grid size To make the output, you have to...replace 2x2 same grid color with all other four different colors that in input grid. each 2x2 grid color are different in output grid 2x2 .",1,3
d89b689b.json,"In the input, you should see...replace order The output grid size...change grid size To make the output, you have to...follow the insturcion",0,1
d8c310e9.json,"In the input, you should see...simple change The output grid size...instead arrive To make the output, you have to...change as it is",2,4
d8c310e9.json,"In the input, you should see... like The output grid size... good To make the output, you have to... nice",0,1
d90796e8.json,"In the input, you should see...a small grid with green and red pixels touching. The output grid size...same as the input. To make the output, you have to...if the red and green pixels are touching (not including diagonal touching) remove the red pixel (change it the same color as the background) and make the green pixel that it was touching light blue. Leave gray pixels and single green and red pixels alone.",1,1
d90796e8.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with gray, light blue, green and red pixels The output grid size...same size as input To make the output, you have to...copy the exact entire image.  Where ever a green and red pixel touch on their sides (not diagonal/corners), replace the green pixel with light blue, and replace the red pixel with black (remove it)",1,1
d9f24cd1.json,"In the input, you should see...two grey pixels and three red pixels The output grid size...is the same as the input size To make the output, you have to...extend each red dot straight up so it forms a vertical line. The red pixel must change direction as it reaches the grey pixel to the right and continue straight up.",1,1
d9f24cd1.json,"In the input, you should see...several red dots and several gray dots The output grid size...is the same as the original To make the output, you have to...extend each red dot straight up so it forms a line to the top of the grid. If the red line would go through a gray square, the line must go to the right of it and then continue going straight up, making it a bent line.",1,1
d9f24cd1.json,"In the input, you should see... three Red and three gray pixels scattered at the middle of the grid. The output grid size... as the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to...extend the red pixels to the top of the grid from the bottom, take the red pixel around the gray pixel through the right to get to the top.",0,1
d9fac9be.json,"In the input, you should see...green and light blue blocks, with one green square with a light blue in the center of it. The output grid size... the size of one single block To make the output, you have to...zoom into the light blue center block.",2,3
d9fac9be.json,"In the input, you should see...various colored structures scattered around the grid with one structure a square with a different colored center block. The output grid size...is the size of one block from the input grid. To make the output, you have to...zoom into the different colored center block from the input grid and make it the only colored block.",2,3
d9fac9be.json,"In the input, you should see...various colored structures scattered around the grid with one structure a square with a different colored center block. The output grid size...is the size of one block from the input grid. To make the output, you have to...zoom into the different colored center block from the input grid and make it the only colored block.",0,0
dae9d2b5.json,"In the input, you should see... a 6x3 grid with a yellow pattern on the left and a green pattern on the right. The output grid size... is 3x3. To make the output, you have to... copy and paste the left-side of the input (the yellow side) onto the output grid. Then, draw the green pattern on the output grid on top of the yellow (do not copy and paste because the black will overwrite the yellow). Your output grid should now have green and yellow on a black background. Then, recolor each green and yellow square pink, so your output is only pink and black.",1,1
db3e9e38.json,"In the input, you should see...a line of 4 color squares. The output grid size... does not change To make the output, you have to...copy-paste the input.  starting on each side, alternate colors between orange and light blue, and decreasing the line by one block.  So the colors should be orange in middle, then light blue, then orange, then light blue.",1,2
db3e9e38.json,"In the input, you should see...four brown color in row in 4,3,2,1  in the bounces color The output grid size...In the input, you should see...four brown color in row in 4,3,2,1  in the bounces color To make the output, you have to...In the input, you should see...four brown color in row in 4,3,2,1  in the bounces color",0,1
db3e9e38.json,"In the input, you should see...a line of five colors squares The output grid size...does not change To make the output, you have to...copy the line then alternate light blue with the original color decreasing the line by one each time",0,1
db93a21d.json,"In the input, you should see...Red squares on a black grid. The output grid size...same size as original To make the output, you have to...Put a green border around each red square. The thickness of the green border should equal one half of the thickness of the red square (if the square is 6 squares across then the green border should be three squares deep around it). Fill the black squares below the red and green squares with a vertical line of blue squares. The blue squares should be in the same vertical row as the red square and should be the same width as the red square. If the blue line should intersect with a green box, then the green box should stay. Don't color over any green.",3,3
db93a21d.json,"In the input, you should see...red shapes on the black The output grid size...stays the same To make the output, you have to...first put a green border around each red shape, the size of the border is equal to half the width of the red shape. Second, fill in the black squares directly below the now red and green shapes with blue--the width of the blue is equal to the width of the red shape.  The blue needs to be alligned to the red so that it is centered extending down to the bottom of the grid, making sure to only color in what is black and not coloring over any green.",0,2
dbc1a6ce.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with blue squares. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...draw a light blue line to connect any dark blue squares that are on the same line or row.",2,3
dbc1a6ce.json,"In the input, you should see... the dark blue grid which is only in the same row and same line. The output grid size... the same size as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... Check the dark blue grid which is at the same row and same line. draw a connected light blue grid between the dark blue grid at the same row and line.",0,1
dc0a314f.json,"In the input, you should see...a green square against the backdrop of a patterned mosaic. The output grid size...is the same size as the green square. To make the output, you have to...paint the green square to match the patten of the mosaic, like the missing puzzle piece.",1,1
dc0a314f.json,"In the input, you should see...a complex pattern displaying both vertical and horizontal symmetry, with a green square masking one part of the pattern. The output grid size...is the same as the green square in the input grid. To make the output, you have to...if replace the green square with what should be underneath it, if the green square is removed from the input grid.",0,3
dc0a314f.json,"In the input, you should see... a complex pattern displaying both vertical and horizontal symmetry, with a green square ""masking"" one part of the pattern. The output grid size... is the same as the green square in the input grid. To make the output, you have to... replace the green square with what should be underneath it, if it were removed from the symmetrical input grid.",0,1
dc1df850.json,"In the input, you should see...a series of colored boxes on a black background. The output grid size...remains the same. To make the output, you have to...surround only the red squares with a blue border that is one square wide.",2,2
dc1df850.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with several colored pixels. The output grid size...is the same as input. To make the output, you have to...draw a blue border around the red pixels. Fill in each pixel around the red pixel with blue. If the red pixel is near the border of the grid, fill in the pixels around it against the border.",1,1
dc1df850.json,"In the input, you should see... two red squares, and a few other colored squares. The output grid size... will be the same size as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... draw a blue border around each red square (so it will look like a 3x3 blue square with a red square in the center), but if the red square is in the corner, just fill in 3 blue blocks around it.",0,1
dc433765.json,"In the input, you should see...one green and one yellow square surrounded by black squares The output grid size...stay the same To make the output, you have to...make the two squares one space closer to each other by moving the green square so it is one space closer to the yellow while keeping the same relationship whether horizontal vertical or diaganal",6,7
dc433765.json,"In the input, you should see...a black background with one yellow and one green square. The output grid size.... remains the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to...move the green square one block closer to the yellow square, no matter if it is horizontal, diagonal, or vertical.",1,2
ddf7fa4f.json,"In the input, you should see...three gray square box and three colored squares The output grid size...is the same To make the output, you have to...color the gray box the color of the square above it",3,3
ddf7fa4f.json,"In the input, you should see...three colored blocks in the first row; and three gray areas below The output grid size...should be the same as the input To make the output, you have to...fill the gray area with the colors corresponding with the colored block in the first row.",1,1
de1cd16c.json,"In the input, you should see...pink squares with different colored squares around them The output grid size...is 1x1 To make the output, you have to...look for the colored area with the largest number of pink squares and use that color",3,3
de1cd16c.json,"In the input, you should see...various section with different grid. The output grid size...one by one To make the output, you have to...fill with one of major color in input",0,1
de1cd16c.json,"In the input, you should see...different colored grids with single colored squares inside them. The output grid size...is 1x1. To make the output, you have to...look for the colored grid with the largest number of colored squares and use that color.",0,0
ded97339.json,"In the input, you should see...magenta boxes on a black background The output grid size...is the same size as the input grid To make the output, you have to...connect the magenta boxes that are directly vertical and horizontal to each other.",1,2
ded97339.json,"In the input, you should see...magenta boxes are shown The output grid size...same grid size To make the output, you have to...connect the magenta boxes except 1 magenta box. look like L shape,2 line shape",0,1
e179c5f4.json,"In the input, you should see...one blue pixel in the bottom left corner of the grid. The output grid size...stays the same. You should copy and paste the input grid. To make the output, you have to...add the same color dark blue pixel in a zig-zag pattern moving up the grid. Each pixel should be filled in on a diagonal going up and to the right until you read the edge of the grid. Then you should keep moving on the diagonal up and to the left until you reach the left side of the grid. Keep repeating until you reach the top  of the grid. Then fill in the rest of the spaces with the light blue color.",1,2
e179c5f4.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with a dark blue square in the bottom left corner. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...add another dark blue square one row up and to the top right of the dark blue square. Once you hit the right edge of the grid, then start add a dark blue square one row up and to the left of the first blue square. Color all other squares light blue.",0,0
e21d9049.json,"In the input, you should see...an 11x11 grid The output grid size...should remain the same To make the output, you have to...continue the lines to all edges, using alternating the color pattern",2,2
e21d9049.json,"In the input, you should see...a shape that has a horizontal line and a vertical line, almost like a cross or an 'L' shape. The background is black. The output grid size...is the same as the input size. To make the output, you have to...copy the entire input into the output grid.You will need to extend each area of the shape - the horizontal line should extend and touch both the left and right edges of the grid. The vertical line should touch both the top and bottom of the grid. It should be a cross shape or similar to a cross shape.Copy only the horizontal colored squares. Paste them to the right and left of the horizontal colored squares, but take care to never effect or impact the original colored squares in any way.If the horizontal line is 3 squares, you will move three squares to the left of the left-most colored square, paste, and repeat. If you can't go 3 squares without touching the edge, then color in the pattern on your own. It should be a repeat pattern.Do the same thing with the vertical line, only do it in a vertical way instead of horizontal.",0,1
e26a3af2.json,"In the input, you should see...several bars of solid colors with random color squares in them. The output grid size...is the same as the original. To make the output, you have to...eliminate all the random color squares and replace them with the color of the bar they are in.",2,2
e26a3af2.json,"In the input, you should see...Rows or columns of colored squares with scattered colored squares inside that do not match The output grid size...Keep input size To make the output, you have to.... Make color rows and columns even with filled squares in the color to maintain the pattern. Common sense fill",1,1
e3497940.json,"In the input, you should see...a large grid separated into two black section with a set of grey blocks in the middle. The output grid size...is equal to the size of one of the original black section. To make the output, you have to...take the right side section and turn it to the left rotating two times until all colored boxes start on the right.  The image will be the overlap of the two sides.",1,2
e3497940.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid that is separated by a gray line that extends vertically down the center The output grid size....is the size of the left half of the grid. To make the output, you have to...fill in the blocks as if you have folded the right side directly over the left side, taking the gray line out.. The blocks directly beside of the gray line will overlap",0,1
e40b9e2f.json,"In the input, you should see...a colored shape with another color on the outside. The output grid size...is the same size To make the output, you have to...copy the outside color to the opposite corners of each side of the inside shape to make a square pattern. Then for the inside shape you have to visualize the pattern clockwise 90 degree, 180 degree, 270 degree, and fill in the grid with all of these overlay on top of each other.",1,1
e40b9e2f.json,"In the input, you should see...an arrangement of colored squares in a pattern The output grid size...same as input To make the output, you have to...Without removing anything, rotate the image clockwise 90 using the middle-most point (either grid line or square) as the axis. Fill in the squares to correspond to the new location of the pattern. Repeat until you have completed an entire rotation.",0,1
e40b9e2f.json,"In the input, you should see...a colored block with a couple colored squares extending outside it The output grid size...is the same To make the output, you have to...extending out the colored blocks one as the two starting those have but from the center block.",0,1
e40b9e2f.json,"In the input, you should see...one large shape on a field of black. On one corner of the large shape is a single block of a different color. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...imagine the single colored block on the corner of the large shape is a handle you can use to turn the large shape 90 degrees. Imagine you turn the block 90 degrees, then fill in the squares to look like the what the block would look like if turned. Do this again, and again, so you have - in your mind - turned the block 360 degrees.The new pattern should be symmetrical.",0,0
e40b9e2f.json,"In the input, you should see... a colored shape surrounded in black, with a different colored block on one corner. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... turn each figure 90 degrees and copy the pattern, repeating to make a symmetrical pattern",0,0
e48d4e1a.json,"In the input, you should see...  colored horizontal and vertical lines on a black background. And grey grid at the top right corner, which indicate how many grid you need to move your horizontal and vertical lines. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to... First, copy the input grid but make the background all black, with no grey grid.  Then, count the grey grid at the top right corner in the input grid. Next, move the horizontal line down according to the number of the grey grid and move the vertical line according to the number of the grey grid and draw it on the output grid (for example, if the grey grid is 1, then move the lines down or to the left by 1 grid)",1,1
e48d4e1a.json,"In the input, you should see...the number of grey grid and the meeting point of the colored grid. The output grid size...same as the input grid. copy the input grid without the grey grid. To make the output, you have to...count the grey grid and place the meeting point of the colored grid-down through with the same count.",0,1
e5062a87.json,"In the input, you should see...several random black squares on a grid and one distinct pattern of red squares. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...find any black squares that are in the same pattern as the red squares, then change the black squares in each pattern to red.",1,1
e5062a87.json,"In the input, you should see...several random black squares on a grid and one distinct pattern of red squares. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...find any black squares that are in the same pattern as the red squares, then change the black squares in each pattern to red.",0,1
e509e548.json,"In the input, you should see... several green designs The output grid size... stays the same as the input To make the output, you have to... change design color to blue if the design only has one 90 degree edge , pink if it has two, and red if it has three",1,1
e509e548.json,"In the input, you should see...several green designs of various shape The output grid size...stays the same as the input To make the output, you have to...change design color to blue if the design only has one 90 degree edge, pink if it has two and red if it has three. also if it shape is a 1 it is red, a c it is pink and an L it is blue.",0,0
e50d258f.json,"In the input, you should see...several rectangular shapes with dark blue, light blue, and red The output grid size...is the size of the rectangular shape with the most red squares To make the output, you have to...copy the rectangular shape with the most red squares exactly",4,4
e50d258f.json,"In the input, you should see...2 or 3 different patterns with at least 1 red square inside. The output grid size...the size of the pattern with the most red squares. To make the output, you have to...create the pattern with the most red squares inside.",3,3
e6721834.json,"In the input, you should see...a large grid with two different colors. One grid will have individual colored squares. The other grid will have colored squares surrounded by another color. The output grid size...Is one half the size of the original grid with the same orientation. To make the output, you have to...Copy the grid that has the individual colored squares only. Look at the grid that was not used and create the same colored shapes around the individual squares on the grid. They should be the same colors, shapes, and number of squares.",1,3
e6721834.json,"In the input, you should see....a large grid with two different colors. The output grid size...is one half the size of the original grid with the same orientation To make the output, you have to...change the output grid to the background color that does not include the two boxes.  Next place the colored boxes on the grid where the interior colored boxes match.",0,1
e6721834.json,"In the input, you should see...2 sections next to each other, each with a different background color. One section has single squares. The other has the same squares but surrounded by other squares in different color. The output grid size...is the same as the section with single squares. To make the output, you have to...Using the section with the single squares as starting point, look on the other section for the corresponding squares and copy the squares surrounding the single squares onto the output",0,0
e73095fd.json,"In the input, you should see...grey lines connecting nodes on a black background The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...fill the nodes with yellow.",1,1
e73095fd.json,"In the input, you should see... grey lines connecting gray squares on a black background The output grid size... is the same as the input To make the output, you have to... fill in gray squares with yellow",1,1
e73095fd.json,"In the input, you should see...grey lines connecting nodes on a black background The output grid size...is the same as the input To make the output, you have to...fill the nodes with yellow",0,1
e76a88a6.json,"In the input, you should see... large grid. The output grid size... same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... copy the color pattern into the other gray grids.",1,1
e76a88a6.json,"In the input, you should see... 10x10 grid The output grid size... 10x10 grid To make the output, you have to...copy the color pattern into the other gray shapes.",1,1
e76a88a6.json,"In the input, you should see...every input same The output grid size...every input same To make the output, you have to...same pattern",1,1
e8593010.json,"In the input, you should see...a 10x10 black and gray grid The output grid size...is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...change single pixels to green,two pixels lines to red,and three pixels shapes to blue.The background stays gray",1,1
e8593010.json,"In the input, you should see...a 10x10 black and gray grid. The output grid size...is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...change the single black pixels to green, two black pixel lines to red, and three black pixel shapes to blue. The background stays gray.",1,1
e8593010.json,"In the input, you should see...a 10x10 black and gray grid. The output grid size...is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...change single pixels to green, two pixels lines to red, and three pixels shapes to blue. The background stays gray.",1,1
e8593010.json,"In the input, you should see... a grey grid with some black squares The output grid size... is the same as the input size To make the output, you have to... fill any single black squares with green. Fill any two-square black shapes with red. Fill any three-square black shapes with blue. The background remains grey.",1,1
e8dc4411.json,"In the input, you should see...like it The output grid size... good To make the output, you have to... nice",1,2
e8dc4411.json,"In the input, you should see...a black pattern with another colored single grid beside it, different from the colored grids of the background. The output grid size...is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...without any change in the colors of any patterns, shapes, size and the background, copy the pattern on the black colored grids, to the other grid which is not patterned thus replicating it with the pattern and size of the black grid, continue to add the same pattern diagonally towards the only edge of the grid.",0,2
e8dc4411.json,"In the input, you should see...the pattern in black and one another color cell on the diagonal direction The output grid size...the same size To make the output, you have to...start from the none black color cell, and replicate the black cells pattern in the diagonal direction, the replicate pattern fully touch the border as end.",0,1
e8dc4411.json,"In the input, you should see...a black pattern on a colored grid with one colored block next to it. The output grid size...is the same. To make the output, you have to...copy the black pattern, in whatever the color of the space is next to it, diagonally all the way to the edge of the grid. All other colors stay the same.",0,1
e8dc4411.json,"In the input, you should see...a black pattern on a colored grid with one colored block next to it. The output grid size...is the same size. To make the output, you have to...repeat the original pattern diagonally (in the same direction as the colored block) all the way to the edge of the grid starting from the colored block.  The new pattern must be the same color as the colored block and may be cut off by the edge of the grid (if not that's fine too).",0,1
e8dc4411.json,"In the input, you should see... a black shape with one colored square diagonal in one direction The output grid size... is the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to... using the color of the single colored square, copy the shape of the black shape and build it so that it is diagonal from the black shape. Continue the same pattern in the same color until you reach the end of the grid.",0,1
e9614598.json,"In the input, you should see...a 10x10 grid with two blue squares The output grid size...the same size as the input grid and the blue squares are in the same spots (copy it over) To make the output, you have to...imagine the line that would be formed by the blue squares and fill in the middle square with green. Then using the green square as a starting place fill in the block above, below, and on each side with green. It should look like a plus sign.",1,1
e9614598.json,"In the input, you should see... a 10x10 grid with two blue squares space out The output grid size... remains a 10x10 grid To make the output, you have to... replicate the location of the two blue squares. Then color the half way point of the two with a green square. From that green square, also color the top, bottom, left, and right square from it green to make a plus sign.",1,1
e9614598.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with two individual blue squares. The output grid size...copy the input grid size and color. To make the output, you have to...add a 3x3 green cross (total of 6 squares) between the two blue squares. The cross must be located exactly between the two blue squares; that is, the number of open black squares on one side will be the same number of open black squares as the other side.",0,1
e9614598.json,"In the input, you should see...10x10 grid two individual squares with the same color on the same line The output grid size...the grid size will remain the same To make the output, you have to...add a 3x3 green cross between the two squares perfect.",0,1
e9614598.json,"In the input, you should see...black The output grid size...squares To make the output, you have to...green",0,1
e98196ab.json,"In the input, you should see... an 11x11 grid The output grid size... an 11x5 grid To make the output, you have to...mesh together both patterns from above and below the gray line",1,1
e98196ab.json,"In the input, you should see...11x11 grid split into two 5x11 grids through a solid color row in the middle The output grid size... 5x11grid To make the output, you have to... mesh together both patterns above and below the solid color row into one 5x11 grid",0,1
e9afcf9a.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern with two colors The output grid size...keep the same To make the output, you have to...start with the color that is on the top. Fill in that line with that color every other square, begin with first square. Fill in the rest in that line with the second color. For the next line, start with the color that is already there (the second color) and fill in in the same every other square pattern. It should look like a game board. The first color in every line is the color of the input grid",3,4
e9afcf9a.json,"In the input, you should see... like it The output grid size... good To make the output, you have to... nice",0,1
ea32f347.json,"In the input, you should see...three gray lines of differing lengths on a black background The output grid size...is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...change the color of the lines. The longest line needs to be colored blue. The middle length line needs to be colored yellow. The shortest line needs to be colored red.",1,1
ea32f347.json,"In the input, you should see... three gray lines, each a different length, and the background is black. The output grid size... is same size as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... color the lines based on their length: longest is blue, medium is yellow, and smallest is red.",1,1
ea32f347.json,"In the input, you should see... three gray line in different lengths The output grid size... don't change To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid then simply change the color into the long gray line into blue middle grey color into yellow short line into red",1,1
ea32f347.json,"In the input, you should see...three rectangles on a black background. The output grid size...remains the same. To make the output, you have to...change the shortest rectangle to red, the middle rectangle to yellow, and the longest rectangle to blue.",1,1
ea32f347.json,"In the input, you should see...three grey lines, each a different length. The output grid size...stays the same size as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid, but make the longest line blue, the middle length line yellow, and the shortest line red.",1,1
ea32f347.json,"In the input, you should see...three gray lines of differing lengths on a black background. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...change the color of the lines. The longest line should be blue. The middle length should be colored yellow. The shortest line should be red.",1,1
ea786f4a.json,"In the input, you should see...a solid colored grid with the center block a different color. The output grid size...stays the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...use the same color as the center block, and starting at each corner of the center block, make a diagonal line that continues to each corner.",2,2
ea786f4a.json,"In the input, you should see... A square with a dominant surrounding color and a black tile in the middle The output grid size... remains the same as the input size To make the output, you have to... Create an X by filling in the diagonal tiles until the edge of each corner is reached",1,1
ea786f4a.json,"In the input, you should see...a solid colored grid with the center block the color black. The output grid size...stays the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...starting at each corner of the center block, make a black diagonal line toward each corner.",1,1
eb281b96.json,"In the input, you should see...pattern The output grid size...vertically To make the output, you have to...horizontally",1,3
eb281b96.json,"In the input, you should see...a row of patterned grid The output grid size...the width is the same as the input grid and the height is the number of the vertical input grid multiplied by 3. To make the output, you have to... create the grid. Then copy the original pattern onto the output grid. Next, create a mirror pattern from the original pattern underneath the original pattern. Then copy the whole original and mirror pattern to fill in the rest of the black grid.",0,1
eb281b96.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x17 or 4x17 pattern The output grid size...is the same horizontally and multiplied by 3 vertically (and add 1) To make the output, you have to...flip the pattern vertically 3 times to create a continuous pattern that is symmetrical both vertically and horizontally",0,0
eb5a1d5d.json,"In the input, you should see...a large grid with two or more colors The output grid size...is 2 times the number of colors - 1 (for example if there are 2 colors, the size is 3x3 (2 times 2 = 4 - 1 = 3) To make the output, you have to...color the outside border the same color as the outside border of the input grid. Continue to color the output grid using the next color until it is filled",2,2
eb5a1d5d.json,"In the input, you should see... grid with 2 or more colors The output grid size...if 2 color 3x3, if 3 color 5x5, if 4 color 7x7 To make the output, you have to... put center box color in 1x1, outside box color in 3x3, then 5x5, then 7x7 and so on",0,1
eb5a1d5d.json,"In the input, you should see... one color inside another. you might have a third or 4th color . The output grid size...if 2 color 3x3, if 3 color 5x5 if 4 color 7x7 To make the output, you have to...the color all the way inside is 1x1 in the center. the next color is 3x3 in the center (other than the 1x1 from before). If you have a third color, the center 5x5 is that and finally the 4th color is the far 7x7 edge.",0,0
ec883f72.json,"In the input, you should see... a square within a square, with the center square a different color. The output grid size...is the same size as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...extend a diagonal line from each visible corner of the outer square. This diagonal line should match the color of the inner square.",1,1
ec883f72.json,"In the input, you should see...A smaller square with a border box of a different color The output grid size...Copy the input grid size to the output To make the output, you have to...Extend squares of the color of the smaller square from the corners of the border box on a diagonal until you touch the edge of the grid.",1,1
ec883f72.json,"In the input, you should see...a square within another square that is a different color. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size. To make the output, you have to...Add diagonal lines from the corner of the larger box to the end of the grid, using the color of the inner box.",1,1
ec883f72.json,"In the input, you should see...a partially filled in rectangle surrounded by a single pixel border The output grid size...the same size as the original size To make the output, you have to...replicate the input image and add diagonal lines moving from each corner of the border to the edge of the output image.  Diagonal line should be the same color as the inner rectangle",1,1
ec883f72.json,"In the input, you should see...a square with a different colored center The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size. To make the output, you have to...add diagonal lines extending from each corner of the outer squares to the edge of the output grid.",0,1
ecdecbb3.json,"In the input, you should see....A grid with lines of x color and dots of y color. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid To make the output, you have to...Copy the input grid. Make perpendicular lines from the dots of y color to touch the closest lines of x color.  The point of touch should be the y color. If the dot of y color is between 2 lines of y color you should make one lines of y color going through the dot of y color and connecting the lines of x colors. Surround each dot of y color (point of touch) on the line of x color with a square of x color. It should be a square of x color with the center of y color on the line of x color. Done.",1,2
ecdecbb3.json,"In the input, you should see... A grid with one or more horizontal or vertical lines of pixels of x color and one or more singleton pixels of y color not connected with the lines. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to...  Copy the input grid.  Make a line of color y perpendicular the lines of color x to connect each of the singleton blocks to each of the lines.  Change the color of the line blocks where the new line touches,  surround each block that has been to color y with blocks of color x.  Done.",0,1
ed36ccf7.json,"In the input, you should see...A pattern of squares made of black and another color The output grid size...is the same as the input size To make the output, you have to...turn the pattern in the input grid counter-clockwise",4,4
ed36ccf7.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x3 grid with a shape The output grid size...is the same as the old one To make the output, you have to...rotate the shape 90 degrees to the left",2,3
ef135b50.json,"In the input, you should see...Red squares on a black background The output grid size...is the same To make the output, you have to...put dark red squares in between the space that the light red squares  across from each other only left to right squares",1,1
ef135b50.json,"In the input, you should see...red squares on a black background The output grid size...is the same To make the output, you have to...put dark red squares in between the space that the light red squares across from each other only left to right squares.",0,1
f15e1fac.json,"In the input, you should see...black background with blue squares and red squares. The output grid size...is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... First, copy the input grid and leave it as it is. The blue squares act as a starting point for you to draw lines, so if the blue squares are on the left, you have to draw lines horizontally to the right and if the blue squares are at the top, you have to draw the line vertically down. Next, after copying the grid, draw lines from each blue squares and stop just before the grid with the first red square. Then you will start again to draw your second blue lines starting from the grid with the red square, however, you will have to move your line by one grid according to the position of your red square - if your red square is at the bottom, you will move the second line up by one grid, if your red square is at the right, you will have to move your second line left by one grid and if your red square is at the left, you will have to move your second line to the right by one grid. These second blue lines stop just before the grid with the second red square. You will then draw another set of blue lines with the same rule as the second line all the way to the end of the grid.",1,1
f15e1fac.json,"In the input, you should see...a many black grid with a few red squares and blue squares The output grid size...the output grid is the same size To make the output, you have to...copy the original grid. Imagine, but do not make, that the red blocks are actually parallel lines of red blocks Then for each blue square actually draw a line of blue squares as if you want the blue line to intersect the imaginary red line, but stop above where that line would be. Then for each blue line move one square over, or up or down, away from the original red block. Then, beginning in the place where the imaginary red line is draw another blue line in the same direction until you are above the next imaginary red line. Continue the pattern until you have reach the end of the grid. It should look like you are trying to draw a series of diagonal lines on grid paper",0,0
f15e1fac.json,"In the input, you should see...single blue either on the top or on the side and the single red on the side or the bottom. The output grid size...stay the same To make the output, you have to...fill in the blue continue with the single block down until a red block then you move to the right and continue down until you see another red block then move again to the right.  The red blocks indicate where the blue blocks should go.",0,0
f1cefba8.json,"In the input, you should see...colored blocks with singular outstanding blocks in the frame. The output grid size...is the same To make the output, you have to...take the outstanding colored block, move it to outside the frame and continue the single line to edge. fill in frame with color of frame.",0,2
f1cefba8.json,"In the input, you should see.... pattern of colored squares with a random colored square outside of the square The output grid size...is the same as the input size To make the output, you have to...take the color of the random square outside the block and fill in a straight line to the border with that color on both sides. Go back in and color the random square to match the background it's on.",0,2
f1cefba8.json,"In the input, you should see... a colored shape with a different colored rectangle inside of it. The interior rectangle should have a few extra colored blocks around its edges. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid. To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. wherever there are extra squares around the interior rectangle draw a line up or across the interior rectangle the color of the background. So the extra squares sticking out from the interior rectangle will become the background color as well as all squares above and below or left and right, creating lines across the interior square. Stop when you reach the end of the larger rectangle.Then, where the lines you created reach the end of the rectangle, continue those lines using the color of the interior rectangle. So the black border will now have colored lines up to the edges of the grid which are the color of the interior rectangle, and continue the lines you created which are the same as the color of the larger rectangle.",0,1
f1cefba8.json,"In the input, you should see...a square with a inner color and a differently colored border. The border will have areas of protrusions from the inner color. The output grid size...is the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...copy the input grid. Then locate the areas of the border with the inner color protruding into the border. If the protrusion happens along the right or left border then replace every grid in that row with the same color as the border color unless it is a black grid, in the case that it is a black grid, replace that grid with the color of the inner square instead. If the protrusion happens along the top or bottom border, then replace every grid in that column with the same color as the border unless it was previously a black grid. In the case it was a black grid, replace it with the color of the inner color.",0,0
f25fbde4.json,"In the input, you should see...a colored shape on a black background The output grid size...twice the size of the colored shape. To make the output, you have to...Copy the colored shape but make it twice the size as the input shape.",1,1
f25fbde4.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with a yellow pattern The output grid size...should be the size of the yellow pattern but twice as large from top to bottom and side to side To make the output, you have to...double pattern and fit the resulting pattern to scale. If it's 1x5 the result should be 2x10",0,1
f25fbde4.json,"In the input, you should see... a black grid and a yellow pattern The output grid size...is the size of the yellow pattern, but 2 time as large To make the output, you have to...create a 2 time size yellow pattern",0,1
f25fbde4.json,"In the input, you should see... a yellow shape with a black background The output grid size... copy the yellow shape, then make the grid twice as big (example: 3x3 to 6x6) To make the output, you have to... create the input shape again, just twice the size in the bigger grid",0,1
f25ffba3.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with a color pattern The output grid size...same as input To make the output, you have to...reflect the pattern upside down like it was up against a mirror",2,2
f25ffba3.json,"In the input, you should see...color grid The output grid size...same as input To make the output, you have to...reflect down side to top",1,2
f2829549.json,"In the input, you should see...a random pattern of orange, a blue line, a random pattern of grey. The output grid size...is 4x3 To make the output, you have to...combine the orange and grey into one pattern that take up a 4x3 space. Fill each black space with green. Fill the old pattern with black. You should only have green spaces.",1,3
f2829549.json,"In the input, you should see... A random pattern of orange, then one row of blue, and then a random pattern of grey The output grid size... Change the output grid size to 4x3 To make the output, you have to... Combine the patterns of the orange and grey into one pattern (it doesn't matter if they overlap, just combine them into one pattern) These patterns always take up a space of 4x3! With the combined pattern, fill each empty black space with green, and then fill the rest of the spaces from the old pattern black. There should only be a random green pattern created when done.",0,2
f2829549.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x4 grid of orange and black, followed by a vertical line of four blue squares, and then another 3x4 grid of gray and black squares. The output grid size...changes to a 3x4 grid (three squares across, four squares down.) To make the output, you have to...look at the two 3x4 grids in the input grid. Imagine those two grids completely overlapped one another on a 3x4 grid. There would be three colors seen: black, orange, and gray. Any square that is not black, will be changed to black in the output grid. The squares that ARE black in the input grid will be changed to green. If the input grid had: orange, black, black on the orange side and black, black, gray on the gray side, the output grid would have: black, green, black.",0,1
f35d900a.json,"In the input, you should see...black background with two grids of the same color and another two grid of a different color The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size. To make the output, you have to...copy the input grid, identify the colors of the colored grids. we will call it color A and color B. Around the grids with color A, create a 3x3 square with color B, surrounding the color A grids. Around the grids with color B, create a 3x3 square with color A, surrounding the color B grids. Now we should have four 3x3 squares, in which two squares are A color with B colored grid in their centers.",1,1
f35d900a.json,"In the input, you should see... 4 dots, 2 blue, and 2 green diagonally from each other The output grid size... is the same size To make the output, you have to...surround each dot using the opposite color on the input they should be 3x3 squares. Next, you connect the 3x3 squares with alternating grey and black dots, starting with grey touching the colored 3x3",0,2
f35d900a.json,"In the input, you should see...two different color grid The output grid size... same as input size To make the output, you have to...fill a grid with another color grid around a color grid.  connect the 3x3 square box by grey color and black color followed.",0,1
f35d900a.json,"In the input, you should see... black background with two grids of the same color and another two grids of a different color. The output grid size... is the same as the input grid size. To make the output, you have to... First, copy the input grid. Next, identify the colors of the colored grids - we will call it color A and color B. Around the grids with color A, create a 3x3 square with color B, surrounding the color A grids. Around the grids with color B, create a 3x3 square with color A, surrounding the color B grids. Now you should have four 3x3 squares, in which two squares are A color with B colored grid in their centers and two B colored squares with A colored grid in their centers. Next, you have to link the squares with each other by creating grey grids and black grids alternately between each square, starting at the first column or first row right next to each square's side's middle grid.",0,1
f5b8619d.json,"In the input, you should see... some colored squares The output grid size... is times two of what ever you start with so if you start with a 2 by 2 then the out put would be a 4 by 4 To make the output, you have to...use the in put grid as 4 sections of the out put so that there is a pattern of the first colored squares, then using light blue make lines up and down from the colored squares to until you reach another colored square or the end of the out put grid",1,2
f5b8619d.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with black  and colored squares The output grid size... should be double of the input grid. For example input grid 2x2 would create the output grid 4x4. To make the output, you have to... pay attention to the pattern. All black columns of input grid would stay all black. Columns with colored squares in other columns would have the same color, but all black squares would turn blue. Repeat the pattern twice: horizontal and vertical.",0,1
f76d97a5.json,"In the input, you should see...colored boxes on a grey grid The output grid size...same as input To make the output, you have to...replace the grey boxes to the color and replace the color boxes with black",3,3
f76d97a5.json,"In the input, you should see...color grid in a grey grid The output grid size...same as input To make the output, you have to...replace all grey to color and replace other color with black",1,1
f76d97a5.json,"In the input, you should see...colored boxes on a grey grid. The output grid size...same as input. To make the output, you have to...replace the grey boxes with the color and replace the color boxes with black.",0,0
f8a8fe49.json,"In the input, you should see...two patterns. One is orange and the other is gray. The gray pattern should be inside of the orange one. The output grid size...is the same To make the output, you have to...flip the grey pattern over the red one like an mirror image. The resulting output should now have the grey pattern outside of the orange one.",2,4
f8a8fe49.json,"In the input, you should see...2 patterns in orange that form a set of brackets you will see 2 other patterns in gray either outside or inside the brackets The output grid size...is the same To make the output, you have to...if the gray pattern is inside the brackets move them at the same height to the outside of the brackets with one space between if the are outside of the brackets do locate the gray pattern inside the brackets the same way",0,1
f8b3ba0a.json,"In the input, you should see...multiple color boxes are  shown. each color are combine with same color. The output grid size...reduce the grid size vertically like 1x3, 1x4 subject to the number of color and avoid a color box shown in large number. To make the output, you have to...order the color boxes. avoid a large number of the color box.",1,3
f8b3ba0a.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with small boxes with varying groups of colors. The output grid size...three high x one across To make the output, you have to...make one row of three different colors. On the input grid, there will be four colors. Find the color that has the least boxes; color your BOTTOM box that color. Next, find the second-to-last color, color your MIDDLE box that color. Next, find the third-to-last color, color your TOP box that color.",0,1
f8c80d96.json,"In the input, you should see... a part of a spiral, each line with the same spacing from the last. The output grid size... stays the same. To make the output, you have to... change the background color from black to light gray, then continue the pattern of lines, with the same spacing and bends.",1,1
f8c80d96.json,"In the input, you should see... lines from the edges of the grid that bend at a right angle The output grid size... is the same size as the input grid To make the output, you have to... Change all black to grey and continue the patterns keeping in mind the spacing",1,1
f8c80d96.json,"In the input, you should see...lines drawn in a single color and bend in the middle and turn at a right angle The output grid size...same size To make the output, you have to...add more lines using the same color and same spacing. Change the background from black to grey",1,2
f8ff0b80.json,"In the input, you should see...3 colors in random order The output grid size...is only 3 squares placed vertically To make the output, you have to...Place the colors in order from most to least. For example the color that has the most squares should be the top square color in the output. You then just go down from there. Second most color will go below that.",1,1
f8ff0b80.json,"In the input, you should see...3 colors. The output grid size...is  3 squares placed vertically, one on top of another. To make the output, you have to...put the 3 colors in the input to each of the output squares. The order of the colors is not important",0,0
f8ff0b80.json,"In the input, you should see...smallest The output grid size...including To make the output, you have to...below meaning",0,0
f8ff0b80.json,"In the input, you should see...3 color of random grid The output grid size...3x1 it has vertically three color To make the output, you have to...maximum number of grid color is arranging the order",0,0
f9012d9b.json,"In the input, you should see...a grid with a two color pattern and a black square in place of part of the pattern The output grid size... the size of the black squares To make the output, you have to... make the part of the colored pattern that should go where the black squares are",1,1
f9012d9b.json,"In the input, you should see...you should see a grid with a two color pattern and a black square in place of part of that pattern. The output grid size...should be the same size and shape as the black square. To make the output, you have to...fill in the grid so you that you finish the colored pattern that should go where the black squares are located.",1,2
fafffa47.json,"In the input, you should see...6x3 grid with brown and blue squares The output grid size...is 3x3 grid To make the output, you have to... first, create a 3x3 grid and flood fill it with black color. Next, copy the brown pattern to the 3x3 grid. Then, copy the blue pattern on top of the brown pattern. After that, fill in the black squares with red color and fill in all the brown and blue squares with black color.",0,1
fafffa47.json,"In the input, you should see...a 3x6 grid with a red pattern and a blue pattern. The output grid size...is 3x3. To make the output, you have to...place the red pattern in the grid with its top blocks touching the top of the grid. Then place the blue pattern on the grid with its bottom blocks touching the bottom of the grid (they may overlap in areas). Paint the uncovered (black) blocks orange, then finally paint all the red and blue blocks black.",0,1
fcb5c309.json,"In the input, you should see...multiple square images on a black background. The output grid size...the size of the largest squared border. To make the output, you have to...copy the largest squared border including colored squares inside but make all colored squares the same color as interior squares.",1,1
fcb5c309.json,"In the input, you should see...A black grid with colored shapes and randomly placed pixels of a third color. The output grid size...should be the same size as the largest colored shape. To make the output, you have to...recreate the largest shape from the input, instead using the color of the random pixels from the input.Using that same color, fill in any random pixels that occured in the shape in the input, in the same position they are in in the input shape.",0,2
fcc82909.json,"In the input, you should see...squares grid The output grid size...interesting on change rectangle To make the output, you have to...solved the task description",1,1
fcc82909.json,"In the input, you should see....2x2 squares The output grid size...remains the same as the input. To make the output, you have to...copy the input and add a green rectangle 2 pixels wide and as many rows high as there are colors in the square below each square.",0,1
feca6190.json,"In the input, you should see...5x1 grid with black and colored dots. The output grid size...he height and width will be the number of colored dots in the input times 5. To make the output, you have to...copy the pattern of the input grid to the bottom left corner of the output grid. On the next row up, copy the pattern of the input grid, but move it to the right by 1 block. Continue this all the way to the top row.",1,2
feca6190.json,"In the input, you should see...five multi-colored squares in a horizontal row. The output grid size... the height and width are = to [5 * (the number of colored blocks)], so if there are 3 colored blocks, the grid is 15x15, if there are 2 colored blocks, the grid is 10x10, if there is only one colored block, the grid is 5x5. To make the output, you have to...copy the input. Starting from the bottom left of the output grid, paste the input. Go back to the bottom left, move up one block and to the right one block, paste the input again. Go back to the bottom left, move up two blocks and right two blocks, paste the input again. Repeat this pattern until the leftmost square of the input grid is in the top right corner of the output grid. It will look like a diagonal pattern.",0,1
ff28f65a.json,"In the input, you should see...move the red  box The output grid size...change the grid size To make the output, you have to... change the color",1,3
ff28f65a.json,"In the input, you should see...some thing The output grid size...different size To make the output, you have to...all should be change",0,2
ff28f65a.json,"In the input, you should see... a series of 2x2 red squares. The output grid size...is 5x5 (all black). To make the output, you have to...Make a 5x5 black output grid. Then count how many 2x2 red  squares there are in the input. That is how many squares you will fill in the output with dark blue (not light blue). You will fill in the blue squares every other square, starting in the top left (example: If there are 2 2x2 red squares in the input, you would fill in the top left and top right of your 3x3 output with dark blue. If there are 3 2x2 red squares in your input, you would fill in the top left, top right, and middle middle squares with dark blue. So, always alternate, even when you move to a lower row of your output - there should never be two blues in a row or a blue directly underneath of another one. Whatever squares you don't fill in with dark blue should stay black",0,2
ff28f65a.json,"In the input, you should see...a black grid with blocks of red squares in a 2x2 group The output grid size...changes to the same 3x3 grid. for every pair To make the output, you have to...total the number of red 2x2 group (up to 5 total) and then on output, add a single blue square in the top left corner if one red 2x2 group, add two blue squares in top left and top right corners if two red 2x2 group, add three blue squares in top left, top right and center if three red 2x2 group, add four blue squares in top left, top right, center and bottom left if four red 2x2 squares and add five blue squares in top left, top right, center, bottom left, and bottom right if five red 2x2 squares.",0,1
ff805c23.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern with a blue square on top of it The output grid size...becomes the size of the blue square To make the output, you have to...fill in the blue square with the missing piece of the pattern from the input grid, using the correct colors from the original",1,1
ff805c23.json,"In the input, you should see...s  a blue square on the top of the right. The output grid size...your grid size should be the same as the blue square. To make the output, you have to...fill  the blue square with the same pattern  with the input grid (that is.. the original pattern that need be there in the input)",1,1
ff805c23.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern with a blue square in it The output grid size...is the same size as the blue square To make the output, you have to...fill the blue square with the missing piece of the pattern from the input grid, using the same colors.",0,1
ff805c23.json,"In the input, you should see...a 24x24 grid. The grid should show each corner with a green section of blocks and a 5x5 blue block. The output grid size...should become the same size as the blue block. To make the output, you have to...fill in the pattern of the input design. The blue block is overlapping the original pattern and that missing pattern should appear in the output.",0,1
ff805c23.json,"In the input, you should see...a pattern with patterns in the four corners and a 5x5 square of another color in another place. The output grid size...will be the same size as the square in the input grid. To make the output, you have to...replicate the pattern that the square shape is on top of in the input grid using the same color that the box is on top of in the input grid as well.",0,0
